Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, Pokemon GO's popularity has risen so high that not only is it mentioned in the mainstream media, but is being actively parodied as well.
There's plenty more from the week's gaming news that doesn't have to do with past lovers, and it all starts right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight on October the 16th of 2016 with episode number 661 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you live at the Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, where we tape Sunday nights, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And joining me here in Studio N7, by my side as he is for the last 661 weeks, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
It's pizza breadstick night again.
Yes it is.
It's a good solid dinner.
It's nothing but carbs. Carbs and dip.
Yes.
It's good times, good times.
How was your weekend? Did you have a good weekend?
It's been raining here in Sacramento finally. We're back. The season's just changed overnight. Wasn't it like last week it was like 100 degrees?
And now it's all rainy and windy and stuff?
It wasn't 100 degrees, but yeah, it was in the 80s. It's still supposed to be in the 80s this week.
Alright, crazy. But what does that mean for going out with the kids? You can't really go out and play in the park. Can't go Pokemon Go with the kids and all that.
No.
No. Have to stay indoors.
No, not really. I wasn't indoors today.
No, yeah, you went out?
Yeah.
Yeah?
And get drenched.
Getting drenched? Playing in the rain?
Yeah.
Oh, good times, good times.
It doesn't work very well if there's a lot of water on the screen.
See, it says you're ingressing out in the rain, clearly.
It's like it's doing its own taps and stuff. I'm like, hey, no.
Some pals that I know will put it in a plastic bag and play over the plastic bag.
Yeah, I should have done that.
Yeah, I try not to play in the rain, but you know, sometimes. Sometimes you gotta.
Also, joining us here in studio, we have a guest with us tonight who, you know, he's here all the time.
Hello.
Hi, Shane. How are you?
Fine.
Shane, of course, from the Pokestop podcast, as well as Ranger Pride, both on the Voice of Geeks network also here.
But tonight, Shane is joining us because you actually went in on the PlayStation VR.
Yeah, I think I was like the only one. Well, not the only one. Pretty much the only one of my friends who preordered it and actually kept it.
Yeah. I don't know if you heard last week's OLR, but we got into it a little bit about that Loki and I decided to cancel our preorders.
And I think for both of us, it wasn't really a place of we don't like PlayStation VR. We want it to fail.
It's nothing about that. But I think it was just like the price for me. Anyway, the price was making me nervous.
And it was like, do I really want to be an early adopter? I don't know. But you stuck with it.
Yeah. You know, it's funny. It's, you know, the 100 percent of the Ranger Pride podcast got their PSVR.
So me and Spike both got ours.
And then Spike will have Game Buoy. And I'm sure they'll have an episode dedicated to that coming up, because I'm sure they've been doing something similar to what we were doing tonight where you were letting Loki and I play PlayStation VR a little bit.
Yeah.
So let's talk about that a little bit at the top of the show here. The launch of the PlayStation VR, obviously a pretty big deal.
The fact that console now has VR, which means it's I guess for lack of a better term, it's really easily accessible. It's plug and play, so to speak.
And that's not to say that Oculus and Vive are necessarily like difficult pieces of tech, but they are a little harder since they are with your PC.
And the Vive has those, you know, you got to set those little like, they look like speakers that old school surround sound systems use that you have to hook up.
I mean, don't get me wrong. It's an awesome piece of tech. But, you know, it's kind of like the whole classic PC versus console.
Console kind of establishes your baseline, right? So with the PlayStation VR, you pretty much plug and play, although it is like seven different plugs before you get to go.
And a little baby PlayStation 4, too. It's so cute.
The little processing unit?
Yeah. It's so adorable.
Yeah, it's cute. A little baby PlayStation. Well, tell us about your experience with PlayStation VR here on the launch week, because I was out of town, which we'll talk about a little bit later.
So I didn't get to experience as much, maybe like an hour today. Loki only got to play maybe 15 minutes for the show.
And we'll ask him in a minute here. But what's your experience with PlayStation VR being like, Shane?
I love it. I'm so glad I kept that pre-order. And I really, really hope that Sony doesn't treat it like the Vita or the PSP and actually supports it and keeps it going for, you know, the foreseeable future.
I think it's just an amazing little piece of tech. And literally every game I played for it except for one, I have found something redeeming or really, really liked about it.
And what's funny to me, and the listeners may not realize this, is that you don't own a PlayStation 4 currently.
Right now, yeah, because mine broke. And so it would have cost more to get it fixed than to just wait and get the Pro, because I was going to get the Pro anyway.
So the Pro comes out in just a few weeks. So I don't have the system, but you know, I have friends that have the PS4.
So you kind of, and so you've just been doing the traveling PlayStation VR thing right now?
Yeah, I'm like a demo-er again.
You also have to understand, guys, that Shane is kind of like Norm on, not Norm, who is the guy on, Kramer on Seinfeld that would just show up, right?
No, I don't show up unannounced.
He doesn't show up unannounced, but he'll show up in the PlayStation.
And I have better hair.
Yeah, you do have better hair. And yeah, you're probably funnier. But anyway, tell us about the games that you played. So what have you played?
So the games I purchased, because I got the launch bundle, so I got PlayStation Worlds, which incidentally has my least favorite game on it.
But I also bought Rez, Thumper, and Rush of Blood.
So Rez, Thumper, and Rush of Blood are probably my favorite games that I own.
Rez and Thumper, great, great music games on their own.
They are enhanced by using the PSVR, but I don't think it's a great, or those two games are great indications of what the PSVR can do.
But throw in Rush of Blood, and that is such a fun experience if you like horror and scary rides.
It's really, really fun.
PlayStation Worlds, the game I don't like on there that I played was the luge game.
I don't think it looks good. I don't think I really felt any, like, trippy movement, like, you know, no motion, no feeling like I was in motion on it.
I have the demo disc also. The demo disc has a lot of games now that I'm looking forward to.
It had the harmonics game, which they had, like, four different sections.
The first one, which was just, like, this tropical island visualizer, I didn't care for.
But every other part of that was really fun to me.
It had Kitchen on it. That was pretty freaky.
Couldn't get through it all the way because I just did not like getting that scared and right in my face.
And I loved the Double Fine game. I think it's called Nog. I call it GaNog because it starts with a G.
But it's a puzzle game, and it's not even out yet, but the demo was really fun.
And you just have to figure out everything on your own. It's pretty cool.
Yeah, and then, you know, I watched other people, I watched, like, Flaco Jones and his wife play, like, the VR Playroom.
That was really fun. I played some of that too.
What do you do in the VR Playroom?
It's just, like, little games.
Mini games?
Yeah, so my favorite one that I played was, uh, it's, like, this monster attack.
And one person's the monster that has the VR headset, and you're, like, walking forward and you're, like, using your head to knock down buildings.
It feels really good.
And then at the end, like, the little guys try to fight you, and if they win, they launch you into outer space.
So you're flying backwards, and it feels so cool.
It's all about, like, the motion feelings in these games, I feel like.
One game I also liked, I think it's called Here They Lie, or Where They Lie? I forget.
It's, like, a horror game also. It's on the demo disc.
You actually get to move around in that game yourself, so you control the movement, and it's all first person.
I played it standing up, and it felt really, really weird playing that standing up.
And it was pretty good too.
So I really, really like this. I want more stuff.
I want every game to have some sort of aspect now that comes out that I can play in VR, because it's a lot of fun.
Does that concern you, though? Because you almost kind of just said what my hesitation on being an early adopter of PlayStation VR was.
You just said, I can't wait for more stuff.
Well, there's already a lot of stuff out. I think they said there's, like, 30-something ones.
No, I mean, yeah, we had the list last week. It was gigantic.
To be fair, some of those games were, you have a lot of games that are, like, they're HDTV games, but they have a VR mode.
Like Thumper, basically, right? Which, you know, Thumper, don't get me wrong, Thumper's got a really cool VR mode, so you have games like that.
And then you had other ones that were, like, more like experiences that weren't necessarily, like, full-on, like the Hatsune Miku thing, right?
Yeah, except I never tried that one yet.
Yeah, but that's not really, like, a full game, right?
I don't think it is, but I'm not sure.
Or if it is, it's kind of like, you know, it's, I don't want to say a throwaway, but it's just, like, a demo-y type of situation.
I think it just depends on what you want out of it. Like, yeah, I'd love more games.
But the ones I have right now, I mean, what do I play on my 3DS? Pokemon.
Nothing else, really.
So I could be fine with just Resident Thumper and then my demos forever, probably, and be okay.
I just want more stuff.
Like, imagine doing something in Mass Effect with that, or, you know, anything.
That would be something. If they had a Mass Effect thing that used that, that would be really, really compelling.
I didn't think I'd be even ever considering the purchase of this game, but I'm really considering getting Resident Evil 7 now because of the VR.
Because Kitchen was freaky, and I imagine that the game itself is going to be pretty frightening, too.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, and apologies to the chat room because I had pinged out during the opening moments of the show and didn't even realize it.
So if you guys were chatting in the beginning, I missed your comments. Very sorry.
But I'm back, and I do see comments like MXC in chat talking about the Hatsune Miku VR thing is a really simplistic rhythm game, but it doesn't really matter what you do or don't do, lol.
Okay.
Yeah, I know, right? Okay, so you just kind of can do whatever.
I would still like to try it.
But Hatsune Miku is all about kind of like the, it's like half like Barbie dress up thing and with dudes, too.
And then like the stages and stuff and, you know, so I imagine, I figured it was just like, either they took the rhythm game part out of it and was just like a Hatsune Miku concert that you're watching in VR, or maybe had some very simple button taps or something.
Again, that's an assumption. I haven't played it. I was hoping somebody in chat might know how complex it is, or what have you.
Bobby Blackwolf says it's not on the demo disc, but it's in the store. It's a free demo. There's a rhythm game in it. So there you go.
Yeah.
Over to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Yeah, I queued it up. I just never downloaded it on Falco Jones' system.
Gotcha.
Well, I got to play just a little, now I haven't played it as extensively as Shane has since, you know, I only, I was out of town all weekend, so I only really had an hour today.
But I got to check out the first stage of Rez, and so that was, that was a trip to play in VR. I was really impressed and surprised, because Shane told me, when he put the controller in my hand, he's like, don't use the analog stick, just move your head.
And I was surprised at how well that worked, actually. And so I must have looked like an idiot fighting the boss, because you know how the boss of the first stage is like a disco ball?
Spoiler alert, but it's the first stage.
And so you have to like move your head like completely around to blow off the edge of the disco ball or whatever. I must have looked ridiculous rolling my head around trying to hit everything.
But it actually responded very well, and it was kind of fun to play. And some of the parts of the stage, like I think parts three and four, you're looking at the left wall and then the right wall.
So that was kind of like a trip, and they did that pretty well in VR. Like, you know, because that could probably make you sick with it going to the left and to the right like that, but it worked out really well.
So I enjoyed Rez, and yeah, that was a fun experience. Then I played Thumper, and I played the first stage of that. Now, here's the thing with Thumper, I like the game.
I mean, because I like the demo I played a while ago, but the VR part, to me, it just felt like you were sitting right in front of the TV.
You know how like, I don't know if you guys did this when you were young, but when I was young, sometimes I'd sit right in front of the TV and my mom would say,
Don't sit so close to that TV set. It was kind of one of those things. And it's like, it's like your field of vision. Yes, you can go to the left and go to the right, you know, but it's it's still just kind of like feels like you're just sitting in front of the TV.
But because of what Thumper is, being that it's kind of like a roller coaster kind of game, you know, it kind of works pretty well. And the color, like the the palette changes and the colors and the visuals and everything make it kind of like one of those like visual roller coasters.
Like I feel like this is something we probably paid to do years ago at a theme park. You know what I mean? Like the virtual coasters or something.
So I did enjoy that. And then I played what that same harmonics VR thing. I wasn't as big on that as you were, Shane, I got to admit. I didn't like that.
It's okay that you're wrong.
I didn't like the paint thing as much as you did, but I'm not much of an artist.
The thing is, there's that. But you also like when I was watching you play, you were still like basically looking forward the entire time. And you've got to get out of that mindset. You've got to be like, okay, well, I'm going to like spin this around and then like, look to my left and look down and look all over the place.
I kind of was doing that.
No, not on the paint thing.
But do you remember when I made the giant scribble and then I like pushed it back and I had to like launch it into space? I was kind of doing that. Give me some credit.
No, you're not getting any credit for that.
The dance thing was cute. But again, like, I'm not sure. That's not really a game, right? That's just a concept thing that maybe harmonics thought there could be a game there and there wasn't. I don't know. I don't know.
So, yeah, that was that was okay. And then you made me play the kitchen thing. And I only lasted until the guy got stabbed. And then I was like, nope, it's too much.
Yeah, you didn't even get to the parts that are actually like not fun to watch.
No, it's too much. You know, I don't like that gory stuff. And you guys, the whole time she was like, you gotta play kitchen. You gotta play kitchen, play kitchen, play kitchen.
I would rather you have played...
You should watch me throw his PSVR across the room.
I wanted you actually to play Rush of Blood more than anything because I think that's more fun because that's interactive.
That's probably disgusting, too.
Well, one of the stages super is. And that was the one that Flaco Jones's wife had her head down the entire time.
And you see what they're seeing on the TV. So he sees your character's legs and she's just screaming. It's so good.
Alan Alchemy in our chat says, Shane streamed it on Periscope. This is about me playing Rez with the title Idiot Spins Around.
Thank God I don't think Shane knows how to use Periscope.
I've heard of that thing before.
I'm going to be thankful for that for a minute here.
So what do you think the future for PlayStation VR holds, Shane?
Hopefully lots of games and lots of support.
I think the developers will be on board if Sony actually pushes it.
I worry because I feel like there wasn't a lot of push the month and a half leading up to the launch.
I don't feel like the word was out there except if you went to Taco Bell.
Or Best Buy. They have the demos.
Or Best Buy. But then again, I don't have TV. So I don't know if there's commercials on TV.
And I didn't see a lot on websites either. So I worry that this is going to be like the move was.
I mean, it's integrated into this, but the move is like, oh, this is so cool. A month later, what's the move? Nobody cares.
I think this deserves better than that.
So you're more concerned with the track record of the move came out, disappeared. The Vita came out, disappeared.
PSP lasted a little bit longer, but also it stopped being supported.
What else? The PlayStation Eye back in the day, that had a few games and it wasn't supported.
And this is way more expensive than all of those.
So Sony just has to let this one ride a little longer.
Yeah. They can't give up on it as quickly.
Okay. That's fair.
And I just, I don't want to, especially like, you know, I played it at the PlayStation Experience last year.
I thought it was cool, but now they actually have my hands on the final product in playing the games.
Like, I really think it's such a good product.
Okay. So some folks in chat are saying that PSVR is on TV.
Bobby Blackwell saying there were Taco Bell commercials on TV all showing PSVR.
But I think you mentioned that.
I just see it at Taco Bell.
Also saying they were all over football.
So if they're advertising this on Monday Night Football, that's, well, but those are people with money, Shane.
And then Kaijuto says PSVR is all over TV. GameStop advertised it for months.
Okay. Well, that's good. You know, things that I don't necessarily see.
I'm glad it is getting like some recognition out there.
And I hope, like I was hearing things about it selling out. So that's also a good sign, I guess.
But especially at that price point, I just, I don't want it to fail.
I think it's so much fun. And it's such a better way to get VR in the hands of people.
Because you don't have to have a super expensive computer and a setup.
And you don't have to constantly be upgrading your system like you would for a computer.
Right. I can still see, like, having tried all of these, I can kind of still see where, like, the Vive is kind of like the Mercedes of VR right now.
You know what I mean? Like, it's the high-end VR.
But, like, PlayStation VR is kind of like, it's a Toyota Camry.
But see.
It's reliable.
I don't know what it is either.
You don't know what a Toyota Camry is?
I don't.
But, it's like, this has...
I should have named a Korean guy. Then he'd know.
This has the potential to reach more people, I think, than any of the other VR platforms.
So, I hope that it actually does.
Loki, we haven't really talked to you about this.
I mean, I know you didn't get to spend a lot of time on PlayStation VR.
But what's your initial thoughts?
Kind of, what did you check out and what do you think?
Well, I played the Eve Valkyrie demo, which was pretty awesome.
I gotta say, it was quite immersive.
And the only thing I don't particularly like, and it could have been just because I didn't adjust the headset really,
is on the outside there's really bad pixel separation.
So, like, you can actually see, like, the colors are separated.
You didn't adjust it right then.
Yeah.
You can get rid of that.
That's the only complaint I had.
But I would say, like, you have to find the sweet spot.
Like, it's definitely one of those things where you have to, like, kind of just, like, find the sweet spot.
And, like, the littlest outside of that will kind of throw you out of it.
But, yeah, like, especially, like, the Eve demo, they have you, basically, you're in your ship.
And then it kind of launches you off.
And then you're getting into a dogfight and stuff.
So, you know, definitely, and the ship is kind of immersive.
You can see your body and everything, which is kind of cool.
And then that launch, you know, you definitely feel like that.
And they feel like, oh.
But it was awesome, though.
And I had a lot of fun with it.
And I thought it was a really good representation of, you know, kind of what it can show off.
And they tried Res.
And Res is just kind of eh.
Honestly, I just don't really gain that much from Res.
I mean, it's all right.
It's just the demo, they really should have, like, polished that demo.
Because, I mean, the music is, like, choppy in the demo.
I hope it's not like that in the full game.
And just, you know, I don't know.
All right.
Well, in that demo, because I didn't even realize that they had a demo on there.
They chopped the stages, Taylor.
That wasn't the right stage, because it gave you Area 4's boss.
But it started you, like, halfway through Area 1.
They just skip around to kind of give you an idea of what the game looks like.
But, yeah, it's just, I wish, I don't know, I kind of wish that they polished that demo a little bit better.
Because it's like, this is a music game and the music shouldn't be choppy.
Yeah, that's because, well, the full game worked fine.
So, yeah.
Anyway, going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see.
What was it about Twitch?
Oh, yeah.
Jason, VX Jason, our voiceover guy says, before I rage resubscribe to Twitch Turbo.
I'm curious what the story is there.
80% of my stream pre-roll ads were Taco Bell slash PSVR.
I don't have Twitch ads anymore.
Thanks to the whole thing last week with Twitch Prime.
Yeah, it's kind of the same thing.
Alan Alchemy in chat saying, Sony catches shit for releasing the move and then forgetting it entirely, which is valid.
Microsoft continues to support the Kinect out of a commitment to the technology because they don't feel they've found its full potential yet.
Won't let it die, catches shit for it.
Wait, I thought they already let it die.
They've already let it die.
Yeah, they did.
But I get Alan's point is because he's saying, like, when the Xbox One first came out, like, you know, they kind of were forcing Kinect for a little bit.
Like, they really tried to make Kinect happen.
But I think the problem was, see, there's kind of a little bit of a difference here, but I also see this point to some extreme.
Is that with Kinect, it was becoming all, what, dancing games, exercise games.
Like, Kinect could not-
And they even made it like, oh, you know, this is the best way to, like, browse your TV stuff, too.
Like, you just wave your hand and, no.
It just couldn't really break outside and show us, like, that game that everybody had to have outside of maybe, like, Dance Central.
But, you know, Dance Central kind of came and went, and then what, you know?
But with PSVR, and where I would say maybe that comparison does have some weight is because I would not want to see PlayStation VR just become a bunch of, like, on-rails experiences.
And it sounds like a lot of stuff that's out right now are these rail games.
Well, and I think the reason is-
And that could just be the games I'm into, and that's fine, but, you know.
Well, I think that also one of the reasons that they do that is because when you have that separate motion where you're moving your character around and then you have your head movement as well, it might make people feel sick.
Well, they need to get over it then, and those people shouldn't play those games.
Exactly.
No, it's true.
No, exactly.
Like, no, it's just, like, the here they lie or whatever, where they lie, whatever that game's called.
You get to move yourself around, and like I said, I played it standing up and it felt really weird.
But I enjoyed having that freedom, and it's not like I threw up while playing it.
So, you know, just because you get motion sick doesn't mean that everybody else shouldn't have the cool games because you suck.
Well, if Jamie was here, she would read you to filth.
Anyway, but what I was going to say about the whole, I think what Rez did good is Rez gives you different options.
I think accessibility is important.
Yeah, okay.
And so Rez gives you options, is you have, like, you can play kind of, like, minor motion or you can play major motion.
Yeah.
And I think that's a good compromise, right?
No, actually, I don't agree.
Because, again, if you get sick from, if you get motion sickness, you should know that you should not be playing that game.
Exactly.
It shouldn't hurt the other people or it shouldn't be withheld from the other people because your body has a physical reaction to it that, you know,
is unfortunate.
What's, okay, I don't, what's wrong with the developers accommodating both?
Because, like, for example, let's bring up Jamie again.
Jamie gets motion sick with first-person shooter games.
Should we just stop making first-person shooter games because...
What kind of accessibility feature would you make it so you couldn't get sick off of that?
Like, would you only always be able to look for it?
Would it be, like, classic Doom?
That, I mean, that would be your only other option.
Counterpoint.
Skyrim has the over-the-shoulder look.
So does Mass Effect.
You can go from first-person over-the-shoulder and the game doesn't really change.
Yeah, but that sucks.
Why?
I don't like that version.
But that's you!
That, that's an okay change.
That's an okay change.
But you can't say something like a first-person sh-
Well, no, because then it just turns to, it turns into an entirely different genre at that point.
I don't think that the resources would be there.
Alright, this is, this is going down a different path.
I want to get back to the VR stuff.
So, Shane, you're happy with your purchase.
You're gonna stick with it.
Is there anything down the road you're looking forward to that's scheduled to be released?
I haven't done a lot of research, to be honest.
So, right now, based on what I've played and know is not out,
Resident Evil 7, probably, in that Gnog game.
Like, whatever.
Gnog.
It's not Gnog, but that's what I say.
Oh, there was another game.
I forget what it's called.
But it's a, like, point-and-click sort of adventure thing, and it's puzzles.
Anything with puzzles, I'm just sold on.
Like, the puzzle stuff in that is so much fun to me.
So, I want more puzzle games.
Was it Super Hypercube?
That has, it's on the demo disc in the sense that you can look and buy it,
but there's no demo. It's really dumb.
So, I don't even know what that's like.
Thanks, Polytron.
But, I do want to play that, because it's one of the better games, too.
So, yeah. I don't know what else is out there, or is coming.
All right. Well, I mean, it was neat to play,
and I'm looking forward to seeing what else comes out.
I'm really curious about what this whole Final Fantasy XV side thing is all about.
Oh, yeah. That thing. I don't even, whatever.
I'm curious what it is, exactly. What is it? Will I be into it?
You know, it's really just going to take that one or two games
that are going to make me really jump in.
Can I get, like, a proper Dead or Alive game so I can look up at the guys' crotches
like they do in the girls' ones?
Because that's a thing.
So, you can do it for the girls. Why can't you do it for the guys, too?
I'd get that game.
Oh, because...
Oh, now you want to have both versions.
Now you want to have two different versions.
That has nothing to do with the gameplay.
Anyway.
I was going to say, the only thing that's kind of disappointing about Eve,
isn't Eve supposed to be, like, an MMO or something like that?
I don't think the VR version is.
No, I think it's kind of like the lore is based.
Yeah, I think it's a side thing.
It shouldn't be this confusing already before the game's even released.
Well, I think that game's already out on, like, the other VR platforms.
So, I think this is just catching up.
I don't know. It was neat.
Kind of wish I still had my pre-order, but there was a lot of money.
And I didn't have that money at the time.
At the end of the day, it's like, okay, I can still like it and go,
but it's still a lot of money that I can use for other stuff,
such as the trip I took this weekend.
And the headset.
After trying a few headsets, that headset's very comfortable.
And that's kind of what all the reviews have said.
And yeah, it's incredibly comfortable.
Yeah, I'll give it that too, yeah.
So, I mean, I don't know.
Down the road, definitely.
But I also am still kind of concerned with some of the missing features.
Because, for example, Job Simulator and stuff,
it's not as good in PlayStation VR versus playing it on the Vive.
Like, there's a lot more freedom of movement that you can do on the Vive.
That game's fucking hilarious on the Vive.
I haven't seen it on the PlayStation 4 yet.
We tried it the other night, and it was awful.
Really?
You know, that is my worry right there.
We played it at DragonCon, and it was hilarious.
But it was on the Vive.
Yeah, it wasn't responsive enough for what we were trying to do.
Exactly.
See, this is what my worry is.
Yeah, I like Eve and stuff, but I would probably like Eve as well on the Vive.
And so, I gotta watch myself before I'm getting excited about a product like this.
Because, you know, I'll buy it and play these games.
Oh, these work fantastic.
And then I see something else like Job Simulator.
Like, man, that looks hilarious.
I'm gonna play it.
And then you get that experience on the PlayStation VR.
And it's like, wow, this is not representative of what I saw in that video from the Vive version or something.
It's like playing Mortal Kombat on the Game Boy versus playing on the Genesis.
Maybe not that extreme, but, you know.
Right, yeah.
Well, and maybe there's just an optimal setup for the PSVR version too that we just didn't have.
I know it can't be as good at all, but...
It's not the VR at all.
It's the fucking move controllers.
Those controllers are god fucking awful.
Interesting.
They were good for Rush of Blood.
Love them and that.
All right.
Well, let's move on and talk about other games we've been playing this week that maybe weren't necessarily the PlayStation VR.
We always like to do this towards the top of the show.
Talk about our gaming weeks.
Loki, we'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
I wish I had played more, but it was basically just Ingress this week.
And I reluctantly played as much as I did.
I mean, I don't know.
Yeah, I really didn't want to play it as much as I did, but I did.
And then...
Don't overdo it or you'll never play it again.
Well, it's just...
It's like...
It's...
I get it.
It's getting like a chore.
It's getting nature.
It's just...
It's getting...
It's like a chore.
It's like there's so much pressure.
Like, oh, we want to win ten times in a row.
And it's like, okay, cool.
Who's gonna come assist me with this?
Waiting.
No one?
Oh, great.
I get to take on six people from the other side.
And guess what?
A bunch of them are retired and playing whenever the fuck they want to play.
Because they're retired and that's all the fuck that they do.
They've dedicated their lives to this phone game.
I don't want to become that person.
That, as I'm saying, is like, dude, I gotta go to fucking work.
I've got a window of like maybe 15 minutes in the morning and maybe 30 minutes coming home.
And that's it.
I don't have...
I'm waking up at two in the morning and I'm gonna go field.
Yeah, no.
You have to play within your limits or it's just gonna drive you bonkers.
So it's just ridiculous.
So there's that.
I wanted to play other games, but once again, I was trying to work on my game, which ended up not happening.
Surprise, I know.
I'm sure everyone's shocked.
Instead, I was working on actually work stuff.
And then on top of that, I would...
The only thing I have brain power for is actually watching YouTube videos.
And I've been watching one YouTuber, Carl Sagan 42.
I don't know his actual name.
Maybe it is Carl.
Probably not.
But he is a speed runner and, you know, just super...
Like a Mario Maker aficionado.
I mean, he plays like some crazy ass hard levels and stuff and just kinda...
I don't know.
It's just fun and very relaxing to watch him play that stuff.
And so that's what I've been relaxing with is watching him play Super Mario Maker levels.
And there's a lot of cool stuff that you can do with that game.
And that game looks still pretty fun.
Just...
I'm like literally fighting staying awake or like days like today where I have a migraine for half the day.
And that's always fun too.
Trying to concentrate on programming with your head throbbing and you're trying to keep your eyes open.
So that's what I've been fighting with.
Alright, well, feel better.
Let's move on to Shane.
How was your gaming week?
What did you play besides PSVR?
I only played two games regularly other than that.
So World of Warcraft now and Pokemon.
That's it.
That's all I play.
Well, tell us a little bit about...
Obviously, we know all about Pokemon already because of the other show.
Okay, what number is your shiny collection up to?
Let's get an update.
97.
Oh, you're almost to 100.
Almost to 100.
What was the most recent one?
Most recent one was a Barbarical, I think.
Okay.
And we will tape another Pokemon Stop podcast this coming weekend.
But you are going to get the Japanese demo for Sun and Moon this morning.
Tomorrow.
Yeah.
Because it should go up midnight Japanese time.
So that's about 8 a.m. our time.
So I'll be at work, but my DS will be ready to go.
Downloading.
Keep refreshing.
That's exactly what I plan on doing.
It's like trying to order concert tickets while you're at work where you have the tiny,
tiny window in the bottom corner refreshing.
That's true.
So I'm pumped.
Okay, tell us a little bit about World of Warcraft and your return to that.
What made you return to it?
Why are you playing it more?
I was hearing good things about it.
This expansion after that last one was just awful.
I was like, okay, I'll give it a shot.
And I've got a good group of people I play with and I'm actually having a good time.
And so it's been really fun.
I max level on one of my characters and I tank for them and it's pretty cool.
I like it.
What do you do?
I tank.
I just said that.
You log in and what do you do?
I play the game.
I do quests.
They have daily world quests now.
You can get some good loot from that and the app on the phone helps too.
I don't know.
Just a fun little thing to kill time with.
But once Pokemon starts up, I know I'm just dropping everything.
Absolutely everything will be dropped.
Canceling your sub.
I took six days off of work for Pokemon.
Oh my god.
So I am ready.
I can barely get the time off to go to Vegas for a week.
Well, okay, technically I took four, but I'm taking the Thursday off that Pokemon comes out in Japan digitally for me.
And then Friday I'm taking off and then I have Saturday, Sunday off already and then I'm taking Monday, Tuesday off.
So six days.
All right.
Yep.
So my gaming week.
I played a lot of Final Fantasy XIV because this weekend I was at Final Fantasy Fan Fest.
I'll come back to this topic in a little bit because Final Fantasy XIV is also in the news this week.
So I will talk a little more about Fan Fest in a moment.
But before Fan Fest, because I didn't leave for Fan Fest until Wednesday, I was still playing Final Fantasy XIV at home, of course.
Kind of similar to what Shane's doing in WoW.
I'm doing it Final Fantasy.
I have to admit, for me, I knew I would not be able to substantiate two MMOs at the same time and something's got to give.
And for me, I've kind of hit that point in WoW where I'm like, I don't know what else I can do.
I guess I could do Mythic Dungeons, but you have to have a pre-made group to do Mythics, right?
Correct.
See? And I just don't think I'm going to get that.
Well, I think it's just, you know, your server choice, too.
Like, if you come play with our friends, or my friends, I think you'd have people to play with.
I just, I don't know. And it's kind of, but again, even if I could do that, would I still want to really play for two MMOs?
I don't know. And actually, Shane, that shouldn't matter because everything is cross-server in World of Warcraft.
So if you really wanted to do that, I could go right now.
Well, I don't want to invite you to my server.
Well, then that's not helping. So yeah, I just kind of feel like I've hit this point in WoW where it's like, all right, I guess I've kind of done everything.
I really wish, and you know, I don't want to turn this into a 14 versus WoW thing because you can like both games.
I do like both games, but at the end of the day, I'm only paying one sub-fee.
But I think one thing that's very appealing to me about 14 that WoW doesn't have is it's like,
if I want to do another character at level 110 and try to do the end game stuff, I have to level it all the way from start or pay for a boost or...
That boost is way too much money.
It's way too much money. And it's just, I have to kind of play through everything again.
Whereas in Final Fantasy, I can equip a new weapon and yes, I have to gain the levels, but I don't have to do the story.
Did I say 11? I meant 14. I don't have to do the story from scratch, which, you know, to be fair, 14 has got a long fucking story, especially compared to World of Warcraft.
So it's like, thank God I don't have to play through that again.
But on the flip side, you have less ways to go through and get easy XP. Like, you have to fake grind or leave grind or dungeon grind at that point.
And now there's Deep Dungeon 2 is another option.
Or that thing, whatever that is.
Yeah. So they're trying to come up with some other ways too. And I'm not sure if the books allow you to do that, but anyway.
So, I don't know. That's just one thing that is kind of attracting me to 14 right now over WoW.
But anyway, I don't want to get into that debate, but it's just like, you know, I can't pay for two MMOs forever.
However, World of Warcraft, you can pay for your sub with gold and I think I have enough gold to pay for another month.
So I probably will do that to expand my WoW subscription at least through this patch 7.1, because I do want to see this whole Karazhan thing.
And the return of Karazhan, because I'm very interested in that.
That's a Mythic Dungeon, by the way, from what I understand.
Is it? Great. Well, then maybe I won't see it and I'll be justified in canceling.
As far as other stuff I've been doing, I downloaded the demo for Dragon Quest Builders.
And I wasn't expecting to like the game because I appreciate Minecraft, I like Minecraft.
But then you start to see all the clones and you're like, okay, I don't know how much, if I like Minecraft that much to play all these other things.
But, long story short, I really like that Dragon Quest Builders demo.
Like it was just cute enough retro Dragon Quest stuff without being too Minecrafty.
Like, yes, you collect items and you create things and you place them in certain places.
Although, unlike Minecraft, there's actually a very rich story to this where you actually build floor plans that people want to see and all this other stuff.
So I feel like there's more of a goal and something to kind of work towards in Dragon Quest.
And yeah, I just, I had a really good time playing that. So I ended up buying the full game.
And so that got here while I was out in Vegas. So yeah, I'm excited to play some more of that.
And then speaking of Dragon Quest, since I had a lot of time on the plane and at the airport and so forth, I finally spent some real quality time.
Shane's gonna hate me for this, but oh well. I finally spent some quality time on my 3DS playing Dragon Quest 7.
And guess what? Apparently we're already done with the Pokemon podcast because you don't play it anymore.
So we just canceled it. Just canceled it. It's over.
That's not just come on.
Okay, but do I give you crap because you play PlayStation VR sometimes as opposed to Pokemon?
I mean, you can play other games.
Well, what am I doing right now?
You're also sick. But anyway, I really enjoy Dragon Quest 7. Have you even tried Dragon Quest 7?
I played it on PS1 and I know not to buy another game when I have something else coming up.
Oh, Sun and Moon. That's still a ways away though. You got some time.
No, it's like a month. It is literally like a month and a couple days.
So I played through the beginning of Dragon Quest 7 and I played through enough of it where I finally got to actual battles.
Because Dragon Quest 7, there's like a good maybe two hours of the game before you even get into a single battle.
So I got through all that and I got to battles and yeah, I'm still in the early stages.
Dragon Quest 7 is a long game so I'm still in the kind of beginning part of it.
But yeah, I like it for a grindy Japanese RPG. I like it well enough.
So yeah, I've been having a good time with that.
So yep, it's been a very square Enix week between all the Final Fantasy and all the Dragon Quest.
I guess this is what it is.
SSG100Matt in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Wait, Shane isn't buying or watching Power Rangers right this second. I guess he's not a fan anymore.
I actually have one coming to me that I already bought and right now in my area there are no Power Ranger things to buy.
And I did just save a picture of shirtless Riley onto my iPad so I'm pretty much doing my job. Thanks.
Alright, anyhow. Let's see. Let's get into some housekeeping real quick before we get into the news for tonight.
There will be no live show on November the 13th, but we are going to try to tape something in advance for you guys.
I will be out of town yet again, but we still got a good four episodes or so before we get there.
So that's really it. Otherwise, follow us on Facebook. Facebook.com slash orange launch radio.
We're also on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O L R.
Oh, these are some good questions in chat. I'll ask you these real quick, even though it's not really video games.
But anytime the chatters are going to give Shane a little crap, I'm for it.
I'll give it right back. So it doesn't matter.
It's not that bad. Stop. He says, Shane's in mourning after the new trailer.
Give him a break and try. Tiger Claw says, what does he think of the Power Rangers trailer?
Oh, well, you'll hear about it also on my podcast. Ranger pride. Good tease.
Or you can hear about it on another one I was on this week, but I actually didn't really care for it.
Just the trailer. Yeah, I did it. I thought you liked it.
No, you never talked to me about the trailer. I thought we did talk about it.
No, I watched the trailer and I thought it was pretty good.
No, it had spoilers for the show.
It has nothing like in it that screams Power Rangers until the very end.
And that is worrisome to me. Like it didn't feel anything to do with Power Rangers to me.
That was actually kind of the hook that got me in because as a Power Rangers fan, I would kind of like it to be about Power Rangers.
All right. Enough of that. You stay tuned for your show to hear more about that unless your show gets canceled.
All right. Let's move networks.
Because I did not see James Van Der Beek at all in this trailer.
Were you confused? Or Katie Sackhoff. She was nowhere to be found.
And honestly, you know, with the announcement of Bryan Cranston in there and who's the other guy?
I want to see more of them in the trailer, but, you know, I guess not.
All right. Let's get into some gaming news. Starting us off tonight, Loki.
All right. So since we were talking about PlayStation VR, let's talk about PlayStation VR some more.
And Sony is basically saying that they're expecting to sell 2.6 million units by the end of the year.
Apparently they've had quite a few units already sold.
Wow. That's actually not even a really they have a pretty exact number.
They'll sell about two million six hundred and two thousand three hundred and seventy units.
That's pretty exact.
Is that based on preorders or something or is that based on what their factories made?
I don't know how they factor that down to such an exact number, but it could be how many they're making.
Maybe they fill their soul out of all of them. I know. But that's a pretty neat estimate.
I guess it's selling pretty well from what I hear would. Now, I don't have the numbers in front of me.
But would that mean that the PlayStation they would sell? Are they expecting to sell more PlayStation VRs than we use the first Christmas?
I don't know, but I think it's probably doable. Maybe. I don't know. That's that's something else that happens.
It has more games for it. Well, I mean, as much as you're kind of making a sass joke right now, it's kind of facts like.
So that was the truth. Yeah, I was doing.
I'm curious to see how much the total library is like on. I'm talking like physical games.
How many physical games were out on the Wii U? Because I don't think it was too many. No, it wasn't.
I think it was between 12 to 14. I think when it first launched. No, I mean, now.
I mean, I think that the amount of physical games total now is not very large. But who knows?
So another neat thing, though, about your PlayStation VR, you might not have realized.
But of course, you know, people see HDMI. They're going to stick whatever HDMI they have into the device.
I'm sorry. I just want to quickly because I want this is bugging me. So I had to look.
This is units shipped. So not units sold, but it was three point oh six million.
So it's it's kind of close. I mean, especially because that's that's sold, not shipped right.
The PlayStation number was sold. Was VR sold or shipped? I think they're talking about sold.
OK, because that's yeah. So interesting. That would be very if they make it.
That's very, very interesting. Anyway, sorry, Loki. I just wanted to put that out.
So apparently you can use your PlayStation VR like an HDTV.
So if you plug it into, say, for example, an HDMI or HDMI on Xbox one or the HDMI port on the Wii U,
it'll see it like a TV and it'll output to it like a in cinematic mode where it looks like a large 2D screen in front of you.
Have you played around with that at all, Shane? What? The cinematic mode where you just use something else?
No, Jim did. He played PT and Overwatch, but I haven't tried it. Interesting.
But that's even still PlayStation. That's not like putting a Wii U in there or putting Apple TV or something in there.
Interesting. But apparently you can do that with this.
If you listen to Bobby show this week, he talks a little bit about that cinematic mode.
He played around with it a little more and he made it sound like it's really a neat feature because, yeah, you bypass your PlayStation 4 completely, essentially.
Yeah. So you can kind of take that somewhere else that your PlayStation 4 maybe isn't necessarily at.
So that's pretty cool. Yeah. I mean, anything that gets you more functionality out of it, that would be pretty nice, especially.
I mean, I don't know how we would play, but like since I don't get to use the TV that often, it would be nice to have that second screen placed up.
Although, I mean, obviously there's going to be some image loss because you're blowing something up that's supposed to be that resolution to something bigger.
And it's not going to look quite right, but. Still neat. Whatever. Still get you through what you need to do.
Interesting. All right. Yeah. Fifth Dream in chat says, same reason you watch a Blu-ray on a regular TV to see a movie.
Yeah, that's a pretty good comparison, I suppose. Right.
I'm, you know, because they have this, you know, a lot of this stuff on the Oculus and even the Vive and the Gear VR and stuff, all these free, like, experiences.
I like, I kind of wish they'd have some more of those experiences for the PlayStation VR, like roller coasters and shit like that.
You know, just the really quick shit that's free, that they have like a plethora of on the other platforms.
Well, but that's just a PC versus console kind of thing to begin with, right?
Why does it have to be that? I mean, it's like that on the mobile too. I mean, I don't understand. I mean, it's just easier to publish for this platform.
Yeah, I think the answer is more complicated about the fundamental of, you know, maybe if, what about, Loki, if PlayStation had something like what Xbox, Microsoft did with the XNA stuff?
God, I wish they would do that.
Yeah, actually. Okay. Yeah.
I have that with PlayStation Mobile, then they like, eh, but like they should do that. I think that wasn't a bad idea, but it's just a lockdown now.
Yeah. And Bobby Blackwell says, Sony's more of a walled garden, but there are some of the free experiences on the store.
Yeah. I mean, there's like the Hatsune Miku and there's obviously no shortage of demos on that disc. I mean, there's a ton of stuff on that disc.
That is one killer demo disc.
Yeah. That's pretty good. Anyway, so moving on, let's talk about something that's not necessarily VR.
Although I would really love to see what this would look like in VR. And I heard they did a concept demo of it once in VR.
Anyway, it's Final Fantasy XIV. And one of the big, big announcements in the MMO world this weekend was the fact that Final Fantasy's latest expansion was announced called Stormblood.
Stormblood is going to be the next expansion following Heaven's Word and it will be announced, sorry, it will be released in early summer of 2017.
And I was there in Las Vegas.
You need to talk about the fiasco text messages that you sent me that got my hopes up and then just, they all went to crap.
So the trailer, if you haven't seen it, is gorgeous Final Fantasy rendered cut scene stuff and it looks great.
And the very beginning of the trailer, after it shows, you know, after showing the scenery, the rock formations and the waterfall and all this stuff, shows this lady in a long red dress who there's some speculation about who she is.
And it makes a lot of sense, but we'll have to talk about that somewhere that wouldn't be so spoilery.
It's an agent from the Matrix. I know this. I've seen the movie.
Yeah, you're right.
Why can't we just talk about it?
Okay, potential spoiler alert for this. The thought is it's Eda.
Who?
Oh my god, I have no idea who that is.
One of the people that went missing at the end of Rock and Roll.
We've already seen her, I thought.
So, anyway.
So that's, no, that's not her.
Anyway, moving on. So, it's safe to listen again.
So, in the very beginning of the trailer, she's there and she is, like, she's doing these very elaborate type of karate moves where she has, like, ribbons and she twirls in the air and stuff.
And the media thing, I text Shane, oh my fucking god, it's a dancer right at the beginning of the trailer.
I was like, oh, MFG, dancer, because I know Shane.
Shane's like, well.
There are two jobs I want in Final Fantasy XIV.
Yeah.
One of them is dancer.
And then what else did you do?
It was, okay, so then I'm like, Shane, it's a fucking dancer, they're putting dancer in this expansion.
Then I think I even, the first time I tweeted it, I was so excited, it put Final Fantasy XIV Stormdancer.
And I was like, god damn it, no, it's Stormblood.
I had to go erase the tweet.
Stormblood.
But anyway, so then at the end of the trailer, you see the Warrior of Light, but I didn't catch, they've given him such a makeover and made him.
Oh, he's super hot.
He's much better looking.
He's been hot the entire time, but he's super hot right now.
He keeps getting hotter. What kind of workout regime is this guy doing?
Anyway, so at the end of it, he kind of like lunges at the lady in red and he's glowing blue.
But something you see right before that in the trailer looked like a dude that was in like blue magi from 11 Type of Armor.
And I was like, oh my god, Shane, I'm not fucking with you. It's a blue mage and it's a dancer.
The only two jobs I care about.
And I'm like, Shane, I'm not fucking with you.
And then they started to do the announces and then I was like, actually, wait, he's wearing a shirt that says Scarlet Witch.
And he did this shit two years ago.
So red mage is clearly one of the jobs.
So I made a mistake, Shane.
And then I quit caring about the entire expansion because the only two things I wanted were there for half a second.
And then the reality came out that it was neither.
So I don't think blue mage is there.
But if she is not a dancer.
She's a monk.
She's clearly a monk.
Then she's a dancing fucking monk then.
She just looks like a monk.
Then you should be playing monk because that's a fucking desert.
No, because that game is fundamentally broken in the way you play it and it's not that fun sometimes.
That's just something you're saying to yourself to justify why you're not playing that and that WoW is better.
No, I'm not saying WoW is better.
I'm just saying that this game needs a bigger overhaul than what they announced.
Well, they announced as part of the expansion for Stormblood, they are going to be completely redoing the battle system.
They didn't give a lot of details about the battle system but they're going to be re-approaching it.
But as far as the details, please look forward to it.
And one of the other fanfests they're doing in Japan or Europe later on.
So Stormblood was announced.
Let's see, what else did we get here?
So we also got some other things that are going to be in Stormblood.
And honestly, this was kind of the expected stuff.
The level cap will raise to level 70 which is common for MMO expansions.
But then the other big, big deal that got a lot of cheers in Vegas when it was announced.
They're going to be ending PlayStation 3 support.
And you may wonder why that got a lot of cheers.
But with the hardcore Final Fantasy crowd, people have kind of been through this before with Final Fantasy 11.
And Final Fantasy 11 was held back technologically because that dev team did not want to cut PlayStation 2 support.
So that game was never able to go past on a technological level what the PlayStation 2 was capable of.
And so you could tell that Yoshi, the director of Final Fantasy 14,
he was nervous about giving kind of like the bad news at the end of the press conference, the fanfest reveal I suppose.
Because he said there's two important things we're going to have to talk about.
One is the minimum specs for the game are going to go up on PC.
So if you're running a 32-bit operating system, he's like, we're not going to release those specs today.
But if you're running a 32-bit operating system, you really, really need to think about going to a 64-bit operating system.
And he was like, we will try our best to continue to support 32-bit.
But he's kind of like saying, he's kind of giving you a hint where that baseline is.
Which is a pretty, it is a pretty gutsy thing for an MMO to do.
To possibly like cut out people that are on lower end systems still playing the game.
However, Warcraft has done this too. They raised the bar a little bit with each expansion.
And at least with Final Fantasy, it's also on consoles.
So if you're not a PC person who wants to keep upgrading your PC, you can get a console.
Except if you're a PlayStation 3 person, they also announced that with the specs going up, PlayStation 3 support will be ending.
So when Stormblood launches, the game won't work at all on PlayStation 3.
So even if you are playing Heavensward or just regular Realm Reborn, you will not be able to play Final Fantasy XIV anymore once Stormblood is released.
However, the nice little like, you know, they were, again, they were worried that I think the fanbase was going to eat them alive for this.
So they were very apologetic and they said, we're bringing back the free upgrade campaign.
So if you're on a PlayStation 3, you can upgrade to a PlayStation 4 and it will not cost you one dime.
So that was pretty cool. So at least, you know, except the fact that you have to buy a PlayStation 4.
But hey, at least the prices of those are coming down.
So I feel like, you know, they're giving people enough notice where, you know, start saving for the PlayStation 4, I suppose.
But the fanbase, you know, the hardcore fans likely already have higher end PCs or PlayStation 4s.
So what does this mean for the game?
Stormblood, the graphics, et cetera, are only going to get better than the game looks today.
And the game already looks pretty fucking good today.
So they're going to be raising that bar even higher with the expansion.
So that is really, really, really exciting, in my opinion.
So Brad from Pod Culture in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, I don't play, but that is stupid.
Well, elaborate, please. I'm curious what is stupid about that.
I mean, it's a good thing.
It's going to suck for the people who are still trapped on PS3, which I think there's more.
They said they ran the numbers and I think there's more in Japan, which makes sense because for Final Fantasy XI, a ton of people were still on PlayStation 2 in Japan.
But I guess, you know, at least they're doing the free upgrades, which I don't think every company would necessarily do.
So, I mean, I guess that's kind of nice in that way.
Brad from Pod Culture said some folks don't want to update.
Kaijuto says don't assume the fan base has PlayStation 4.
Dungeon Buster points out Destiny's Rise of Iron didn't come out for PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360 console users either.
So I guess Square is not the only one making this decision to, you know, push the technologies forward.
I don't get it. Like, why be resistant to leaving old hardware behind if you can't keep up?
It could be a money thing.
I get that.
But if it's a money thing...
Then why are you paying for a monthly subscription game?
That's, yeah, I, yeah.
Go play something free on some other platform. Like, that bothers me.
But I, you know, I'm sympathetic to it, but at least they're giving a lot of notice.
And again, the free upgrade program is kind of what makes me go, okay.
So if you really want to play Final Fantasy XIV and you only have a PS3, you have until early summer.
So, like, half a year to get $299, if you're in America, $299 to get a PS4.
Which hopefully it'll come down again by summer next year.
Yeah, it may even come down more.
So it's saying this is stupid or this sucks.
Don't pay for an MMO that you have to pay for monthly if you can't save up $299 in the next eight months or however long it's going to be.
I'm still not hearing free-to-play Final Fantasy XI, and you can imagine...
Yeah, that mobile one, because it's all supposed to go to mobile now, too.
They haven't talked about that in a while, either.
All right. So I want to talk a little bit, though, about Fan Fest itself, because I was there for this big reveal and went to the actual Fan Fest in Las Vegas.
And obviously, you guys know I'm quite the Final Fantasy XIV fan.
I've said good things about the game, and I'm still feeling pretty good about it.
I'm not afraid to speak my mind when things are going wrong in the game.
And I think that is kind of what I'd like to do now, because I did spend money to fly, go to a hotel, and pay $130 to get in the door for Final Fantasy XIV Fan Fest.
And I believe that Fan Fest was a downgrade from 2014's Fan Fest.
So they had it at... Okay, well, let's talk about some good news.
It was on the strip this year, so instead of being at the Rio, which was off strip, it was on strip.
So there is no shortage of restaurants, places to stay, granted everything's marked up because it's the strip, but there was no shortage of stuff to do.
So, I mean, as far as the stuff outside the convention, there is plenty of places to go eat, meet up with friends at night, do whatever you want to do.
I mean, the location... I'm kind of surprised more gaming stuff doesn't happen in Las Vegas.
Maybe it is because of the premium on the strip or whatever, but I'm kind of surprised more stuff doesn't happen there because, you know, it's a great location.
The festival itself, though, I mean, okay, so they had two days worth of stuff, which was you would have a couple panels every day in the main room with the panels.
And then they had some stations set up where you could do three different experiences in the game.
One of them was a EX trial roulette, which means you would do one of the primal battles, but they would put a modifier on the battle that doesn't exist in the regular game.
So it was like a super hard mode type battle. So, for example, my friends had to fight Bismarck, but the modifier they got was they don't have a UI.
So they had to memorize all their key bindings because at the start of the fight, the UI disappeared.
And so I was like, how the fuck do you heal that? And they were like, you just have to keep pressing F1, F2, F3, F4 to target the right person.
I was like, God, that sounds like a nightmare. So even though I'm sure those of you that aren't really into 14 are probably going, that sounds ridiculous.
Again, this is for the fan base. And so, you know, events like that are really meant to kind of push things forward.
So that event was kind of interesting and it had by far the longest line.
Then they had a 24 man battle that you could do that wasn't in the game yet, something called Proto Ultima.
And I was surprised that that battle was not as popular.
Did they have a shirt for it?
No.
Oh, that's why it's not popular.
See, and in 2014, you had more incentive to do the fight, which was Odin that year.
Because if you beat Odin, you got a shirt that said I beat Odin.
This year you got stamps that would get you a real life triple triad card.
That was the big giveaways they were doing this year.
Woo, a card. Holy cow. Don't break the bank on that one.
And then it really sounds like the increase in price for the tickets really went to like, you know, good things for the show.
The other thing they had was a PVP station, which had no line the entire show because for some reason the crowd that plays Final Fantasy 14 hates PVP.
Now, I realize there's a very vocal minority in 14 that really enjoys the PVP, but there's tons of people that have no interest in playing it whatsoever.
And I just want to say before the PVP people send me hate mail, the Final Fantasy 14 PVP is fucking great.
Like if you actually play it, like the presentation of it, the music, the battlefields, like it's a great fucking game that nobody's playing because people would rather do the PVE stuff, I suppose.
It's really a fascinating thing. And boy oh boy did Square try to push PVP. They had two hours of PVP content on Saturday when most people went out to get lunch.
I just, it's this weird phenomenon. I'm not sure I can explain that like the group of hardcore, I know people that are hardcore in 14 and they're like, nope, I'm not touching PVP.
It's just, it's so interesting. But anyway, so and then they had some cute little games that were inspired by things in game.
Like, you know those things you see at like Dave and Busters where it's like a TV on the ground. They had something like that that was to emulate one of the events in the game where if you're standing on the wrong space in the platform, you get blown off the platform.
So it was like this little wheel that would spin and if you were in the red zone, you were out of the game. But what do you get for winning the game? A stamp in your book and a triple triad card, something.
So anyway, I don't want to bore you with all the fine, fine details. My point is, is that for all this money that we spent going there, there's not enough to do. There was not enough to do.
And I criticized this two years ago and I'm a little irritated. I mean, not that I think Square is personally listening to my feedback, but I feel like I'm not the only one saying this is that Square really needs to think about using this as an opportunity to do more than just Final Fantasy 14.
Final Fantasy 15 is coming out in what, six weeks? World of Final Fantasy is out in two weeks.
Or wait, yeah, yeah it is. I thought, I'm sorry.
So yeah, World of Final Fantasy is out in two. Why the fuck are they not taking an opportunity to show off these games and let people try those? I mean, I don't understand.
Obviously people who play 14 like other Final Fantasies too, or you would not get questions during the live letter like, are we going to see Bartz and Locke and characters from old Final Fantasy games like we saw lightning in the game?
Are we going to get like, people would not ask that if they were not into other Final Fantasy games.
Or how about, was it that arcade, uh, Dissida game that they're supposed to be putting out?
No, no, nothing. There's nothing but 14. Nothing. And the problem is, it is, with the Fan Fest happening today, and Stormblood not being until early summer 2017, there was so much that they didn't announce.
And it kind of irritated the fuck out of me that they would be like, oh we've got these two new jobs, but we'll tell you in Japan.
Or we got this thing that said, why did you fucking bring it up? It's like, it was just too early. I think that my biggest beef with this is that if they knew the expansion wasn't going to be until early summer 2017, then why did they have this now?
Because if I'd gone to BlizzCon, I would have been able to play the expansion at BlizzCon. And that's what they need to have out on the floor.
Yeah, we've been announced and playable and basically all the cool details would be announced.
But they split it up between three different regions and it's not a good thing.
So despite all this stuff I'm saying about WoW and Final Fantasy here, I can take a step back and realize the people that put on this event need to fucking go to BlizzCon and see how it's done.
And BlizzCon isn't perfect, but BlizzCon, there's more stuff for people to do and I would not be as critical here.
Exactly, because BlizzCon is for all Blizzard games versus one specific Final Fantasy game.
Now, here's the thing. I've got to get to this. This isn't the worst of it. The Final Fantasy Fan Festival had the worst staff I've ever seen at a convention. Ever. Ever.
And that's not Square Enix. I'm not blaming Square Enix. Well, I am, but I'll get to that.
Well, you should because they hired them.
Shut up and let me finish.
No.
The dev team, it's not their fault. People love Final Fantasy in part because the dev team is so approachable and great and they're wonderful. That's not a read on them.
But where I would blame Square Enix, as Shane is spoiling over there, is that they contracted with this horrible company and I don't know who they are.
I don't know if it's the Paris. I don't know if it's something that the Paris uses, but this company was shit.
And they were rude. They had no customer service training. They were inept. They were taking bribes so that people could cut in line and get stuff that they didn't earn.
That's how bad this was, Square Enix. Who was fucking overseeing the vendor company? You fucked up and it affected the entire show.
And it didn't just affect that. The merchandise line? Oh my God, you guys. That is the biggest shit show I've ever seen in my 15 years of doing this fucking show.
That was a mess.
It was pretty bad when I went that first year. I mean, in terms of you had like a three plus hour wait.
That's what makes me livid. You had 2014 and everybody pointed out, your fans, everybody pointed out the ways that that merch booth could have been improved.
Did you not listen to any of it? Because it was worse. You had a line going around the entire building and it was not moving fast enough.
And they tried to cut it off. But as I mentioned, the staff was accepting bribes for people to cut in line anyway. So that was something that was going on.
And then there was no... They didn't know how to manage the line. They didn't know how many people they could fit in line.
People were standing in line all fucking day just to get to the front and then be told, sorry, it's cut off. We're not going to be able to sell anymore.
We're going to give you a ticket to come back tomorrow and wait for another two to three hours only to be told that the book that everybody wants, we've sold out of.
Because we didn't consider that everybody here at this convention might want to buy a book so we didn't print enough of them.
Now, there is a part of me in my mind that would wonder, why the fuck would you go to a convention just to stand in a merch line all day?
But at the same time, Square Enix, you've got your biggest fan base like throwing their wallets at you. Why? Why?
Two times in a row now, can't you manage a fucking merch line? It's ridiculous.
Again, why don't you go look at what Blizzard's doing since I'm going to keep telling you that when it comes to running a convention.
And go notice how they open up their shop a week in advance so that people can make their orders and get their stuff in person.
Because it was just... They should be embarrassed. And then at the end of the show when they come out and they're like, best fan fest ever, I was like...
I gave the biggest stare like, no, I'm sorry.
Again, I want to point out, I still love the game. And my perception of the convention is not going to ruin my love of the game.
And there was a lot of stuff that happened outside of the convention that was really great.
I got to hang out with my free company peeps in real life, other people I play the game with, that was all awesome.
But the event itself was a badly organized mess. And it is solely on the shoulders of whoever, whatever vendor Square Enix contracted with to put that stuff together at the location.
And they need to be fired immediately. And if I even catch a peep that that company is back in 2018, I'm not fucking going.
I'm already on the fence where I'm like, why would I go again in 2018?
To see the people that I play the games online with. I guess there is that. But I don't need to pay the $130 to go to the show to see that.
Anyway, sorry, that was a little bit of a rant. But I was not happy, you guys. I'm sorry. That's just what happened.
So, let's see. Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Fifth Dream in chat says, oh yeah, the stream was shit too. I heard about that.
On a proprietary site that sent no emails about the stream, fucked up the first 20 minutes and had no chat.
Wow. Let's see. SSJ100Matt says, Rob's rage level is at 7 out of 10. Loki is just thinking good, good, let the hate flow.
BobbyBlackWolf says, important question, did they open any of the Final Fantasy XIV expansions to people that never finished the 2.0?
Or are you still locked to old content because you don't like raiding? They didn't answer that specifically at this fest.
But they've said something previously that they want to do a catch up mechanism for 4.0. Especially for people that are starting the game.
They want to do something where they can kind of run through all the content and catch up with everybody else.
So, that is something that's on their radar. But, you know, again, on that whole note of too early, they barely talked about the content patch 3.5 that's coming out in a few months.
I mean, they didn't talk about the expansion. I just felt like it wasn't a lot of news, which I was hoping there'd be a little more of that, you know?
Even when I went in 2014, I felt like we got a lot more. I don't know. You went in 2014, Shane, right?
Yeah.
And you had a good time, right?
Yeah, it was pretty good. I mean, it was kind of lackluster in what we could do.
Right? And there was less this year, Shane. There was less. They didn't have a dungeon thing set up. They didn't have a music panel.
So, I'm really glad that when you said, oh, you should still come out and come do this this weekend, I'm glad I didn't go.
Because A, no tickets available at the door. And B,
Unless you bribe somebody. And I have that on authority that that happened.
Do you know how much they ended up paying?
$60.
Well, that's less than the actual ticket cost.
I'm aware.
Did they get the bag and everything, you think?
I don't know.
Oh. Okay, so there's that. And, yeah, it just sounds like it was a garbage show.
And, you know, everything that happened that I cared about, with the exception of the Primals concert,
which I think I just found a YouTube of the song I cared about,
I could look out the internet for free and not go to Vegas.
So, hooray, I'm glad I didn't go. And I don't feel like, unless something changes, I'll ever want to go again.
So, yeah, I mean, to end, I was gonna, since you brought it up, I was gonna try to end on a positive note.
The two concerts they did, and they did add a second concert this year,
I think, for one, they need to let the Primals play a little longer.
I don't think an hour is enough for the repertoire they have.
Maybe that's a limitation of Soken and what he feels comfortable doing.
And if that's the case, then okay. Soken is a genius, and, you know, the music he does in the game
I still listen to it in the car, as you heard this when I came up to your house today.
Let Soken do what he wants. If he's the one that's requesting only an hour, then fine.
But if there's a will or a way, let them play longer, because they have a larger catalog.
But the concert was good, and they did a new piano concert Friday that they didn't do the last time.
And that piano concert was really, really good.
They actually had Susan Calloway, who sings the themes, did the answers, the dragon song and all that stuff.
So she actually sang it live and had a piano player.
And then Soken came out and actually played the theme to The Lost City of Ampedore,
which has this cute little piano thing, and he actually had a tiny piano that he played at the same time that he played the big piano.
That was really cool. So to try to end on a positive note,
if you were fine paying $130 to attend two hours worth of concerts, then that was Fan Fest.
So I'll leave it at that.
Well, no, I won't leave it at that, because I wanted to say one more quick thing,
and that is that Square Enix, I know it's coming off that I'm really angry, and I think I am,
but the reason that I'm angry is that your fan base and your incredible game deserves better
than what that staff at the Paris, whoever, I don't know if it's Paris' fault, I don't know if it's a vendor fault,
whoever, they deserve much better, your game deserves better and your fans deserve better than what that company gave you,
and apparently the streaming company as well.
So you have an obligation to fix this.
You have an obligation to evaluate your formula of what you're doing for your fans
who are traveling from places like East Coast, Australia, and so forth to be here.
You have an obligation to make it better.
Do not copy the formula from two years ago and try to stick it for 2018,
because you want to see me hit rage 10 out of 10, have me pay to go to that show, we'll see what happens.
So I know AkumaJP in chat says, nah, Square Enix is not listening to this show.
I know, however, I'm one voice, there's folks on Reddit saying the exact same thing, they're a voice,
there's folks on Twitter saying it too, they're a voice, you've got to get that feedback out there, folks.
Not that they'll follow any of it by the sounds of it.
Well, but that's what I'm saying, and that's where I'm leaving it at.
You have an obligation to fix this, and if you don't, the consequences will be dire.
Like, you stand to lose a big part of this loyal, loyal fan base you have, and it's going to be ugly.
So, just saying.
Alright, and that was my trip to FanFest.
But if any of my, I hope my guildies, if they're listening, you know, again, I had a great time with people outside the show.
Everything I'm saying is just about the event itself.
But everybody I talked to, almost everybody, almost everybody I talked to, was like, yeah, 2014 was better.
And even the people that wouldn't go as far to say that would at least still be able to say,
yeah, there were a few things they did better in 2014.
So, you know, I'm not the only person that's this irritated.
But if I had to go back to Vegas in two years just to hang out with my friends from online,
because they're all going to 2018, then maybe I would consider doing that.
Just not going to FanFest. I did that at BlizzCon one year.
I just went to go hang out with people, and I didn't even go to BlizzCon. I went to Disneyland instead.
I had a great time. So maybe I'll just do that in 2018. We'll see. Anyway.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, egg.
Alright. Let's see. Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Fifth Dream says, I can't say don't, but I bet there's a reason they couldn't do a lot like they wanted.
I hope it's not a sign the game is tanking. The cosplay was amazing.
I really think it's the time frame. I think they planned when FanFest was going to be before they knew when that expansion would be out.
Because in 2014, Heaven's Word was supposed to be out in April, it got pushed back.
But that still made the timelines kind of running out six months.
So I just feel like because they're announcing it further out this time, it just screwed a lot of things up.
So Square, don't schedule the next round of FanFests until you know when that expansion is coming out.
And honestly, do the FanFest closer to the expansion. Let people play the expansion of FanFest.
Alright, I'm done. I've talked too much about it. There's a lot of people out there that don't even play Final Fantasy XIV, but I wanted to talk about my trip.
So let's get on to some other news. Loki?
Alright, so this morning, Rockstar Games' Twitter account, as well as some of the other social media pages, posted a single image.
It is a red background with their logo in front of it. But it's that particular red background that people go...
It's that particular shade of red.
That particular shade of red, they're like, oh shit, it's going to happen. Basically that it's hinted.
There's a strong hint that there's going to be some sort of Red Dead announcement soon. Which is awesome.
And to be honest, any announcement from Rockstar Games at this point would be fantastic.
I don't care if it's a new Midnight Glove, it's an expansion of the Grand Theft Auto.
Please not Table Tennis, but whatever. I mean, Bully, if that's what you want to do. Manhunt, I don't care.
Just anything would be fantastic. I'm hoping for a Red Dead game.
Interesting. This seems like an interesting time to announce something big like that.
Could they be announcing for this holiday that soon?
No, no. It'd probably be next year. Next holiday, maybe.
That far out, really?
I don't think there's anything coming out of this soon. That would be ridiculous.
You never know. Beyonce changed everything.
They could do an April release, they've done that before, but I think it would be next holiday.
They'd tease it that far out.
Kaijuto in chat says, uh, Rockstar, please do Agent. Why Red Dead? I love the game, but Agent is the real game I want from them.
I don't think Agent's going to happen at this point.
Brad from Pod Culture says, Red Dead TV series on Netflix?
No.
Bobby Blackwolf says, they could do it now. They'd announce it on the day they submit it for certification.
That would be one hell of a secret. Like, oh hey, by the way, I could see that short announcement window if it was a rematch.
We're seriously fanwanking right now. Don't get your hopes up, people.
If it was a remaster of the original game, then maybe that wouldn't need such a large announcement window.
But if it's an actual sequel, then you're not going to get anything anytime soon.
That's fair. So, yeah, excited to hear more about it.
But this isn't even like a teaser of a teaser date.
They just did the, uh, they put Red Dead Revolver on PlayStation 4, the, you know, the PS2 games that they have on there.
So Red Dead Revolver is on there. And now just Redemption would probably, it's backwards compatible with the 360s, or not 360, but the Xbox One.
So Red Dead Revolver, Red Dead Redemption, how about Red Dead Resurrection?
It's got to be something with an R, right? Or maybe.
Left for Red Dead? Maybe not.
Well, they did the zombie thing. It actually was pretty cool. So, uh, they've already done zombies.
But, you know, I could, I don't know, it would be cool. I'm guessing it's going to be very similar.
They're going to try to mimic what they did with Grand Theft Auto so that you're going to have like a Red Dead Online or something like that with all the microtransactions and that fun stuff.
Of course.
But you know what, though? I mean, with that being said, I mean, it's not really shoved in your face too much, which is nice.
It's just, there's a lot of content online, none of which I'm really interested in playing at the moment, but the races are cool.
I just wish that with that content, there was still more story stuff. I get it that they're making like tons of money doing that, but it's like, come on, more story, please.
It'd be nice because Grand Theft Auto IV is kind of, you know, I was spoiled by that with the expansion.
All right, well, moving on to something completely different, but maybe this is a system that Red Dead could come out for in the future, although probably not.
But this is by a gentleman named Nolan Bushnell, who hopefully you know that name.
Shane, do you know who Nolan Bushnell is?
No.
I knew it.
Does he do those baked beans or something?
No.
Did he invent a camera?
No, Nolan Bushnell is the founder of Atari.
Nobody cares about Atari.
And the founder of Chuck E. Cheese.
Nobody cares about Chuck E. Cheese.
Listen, if it wasn't for Nolan Bushnell, you would have no Chuck E. Cheese.
That's right.
You'd have no Five Nights at Freddy's.
That's right. You would have no Five Nights at Freddy's.
I think I can live.
You would have no...
He says that.
Although you have bull ankles, which is almost as creepy as Five Nights at Freddy's.
Or there was showbiz pizza.
Well, okay.
That's true.
So then Shane will probably not care about this either.
I never care about old stuff.
Well, this isn't old.
Nolan Bushnell is launching a new VR company.
And the name of the VR company is Modal VR.
And Jason Crawford is with this as well.
He invented the Modal technology.
He will be the chief executive of this.
What's a Modal?
That's a good... Modal is the...
Do you know Loki?
I have no clue.
So I don't care about this Jason Crawford guy, because he created something I don't even know.
And it has a stupid name.
It's like a server rack by the looks of it.
Oh, that's super interesting.
I'm so glad that Jason Crawford's on board with this.
I'm trying to see if there's more...
They have the full website for the Modal VR.
So yeah, okay.
So that looks kind of cool.
So what it is, from just looking at this, it's like a VR platform that's wireless.
So I guess I'm thinking more like VR in the sense of like those attractions that you would see,
like at David Buster's or something like that, where they have like, you know...
Oh, so the guy that found the Chuck E. Cheese is interested in these types of attractions.
I mean, that's what it kind of looks like, because I don't think your average person is going to be like,
I want to install a server rack for my VR, you know?
But yeah, that's what it kind of looks like.
There's going to be a hardware and software company doing high-end completely immersive virtual reality experiences.
They're not talking about the specifics of the company's tech right now,
but what it does is it uses sensors that follow a record movement in a room in a full-body tracking suit.
So this definitely sounds like a much more immersive VR experience than just the headset.
I mean, this is like your full body.
Sounds like a much more immersive wallet raping thing.
But it had Pong.
So they had Pong that they played.
It says, you know, one of the things that they did was in a 3,000 square foot room, which is ridiculous.
They had been playing Pong using the technology.
So there's two people.
They're running back and forth in the empty space to bounce the ball.
Okay, but that's exercise.
I don't want to do that.
Exactly. Why?
You guys are so crazy.
But no, no, no, no, no.
Now, what I say with this, though, because this is where it really needs to go, if I'm concerned,
that would be a good foundation for a really kick-ass version of laser tag.
And that's really what it comes down to.
There you go.
Laser tag.
Now you're getting to something.
And yeah, if this was the type of way that I could get exercise at the gym, I might be more apt to do it.
Or like they have a little clip in this video here of the Tron Legacy where they're doing the disc battle.
Yes, please.
There's a game on PlayStation Worlds that's kind of like that.
You're in a tube that's all glass, and you have an opponent, and it's just like you bounce the ball back and forth,
and they have special moves, and it's really fun.
And then if they lose, I mean, it's not like you see a person, but their icon shatters,
and their tube just falls down to the depths, and it's pretty cool.
Yeah, I would like to see that Tron run R in the virtual reality.
I'm kind of surprised.
There needs to be a Tron something.
A Tron cycle game.
Oh, that'd be fun.
I like that.
Tron everything.
In Run R, there was a cycle mode, too. It wasn't just the runner.
But like a VR Tron cycle. I know they had like someone had made like an app or something like that on PC for it like that,
but I want like a good, you know, movie authentic.
I understand.
SSG100Matt says, guys, it's all a front. He's reviving QZAR in VR.
Oh, and Fifth Dream brings up a good idea.
I played Tron Run R in Cinema Mode. So you could, I guess, kind of do a Tron Run R thing.
So, OK, that's that's a good, good way to do it for now.
All right. We're almost to the classic game of the week. But first, Loki.
So being that Halloween is right around the corner, I was hoping to play final or Friday the 13th.
But let me have the wait a little longer.
So Friday the 13th is not going to be coming out this year.
Said it's got pushed back to early 2017 or I guess the multiplayer is coming out in 2017 early.
And then they're going to have a solo campaign that's going to be coming out in the summer of 2017.
But that's kind of cool. So.
I'm curious to see what that's like, because I watched a little bit of the video of this and it was kind of him hunting you down or you're hunting the other campers down.
That was kind of cool. So isn't that the whole catch of the game?
Is this one of those like four versus one games like Evolve or something like that?
Like this is like a version of those four versus one. But it looked cool.
Well, you know, that type of game, even if. Yeah, I mean, it just looks awesome.
So I'm very interested. They're saying that the price of the game, though, is going to be from 30 to 40 dollars.
And then they're going to have a physical version of 60.
Checking in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. Somebody had talked about.
Oh, yes. Dungeon Buster said, will the pastel Jason be a preorder bonus as a very important question.
I don't think so. And then speaking of delays, another game that's been delayed, which it seems like more every time I hear about this game, it's because they're discussing a delay for it or when it's coming out.
Cuphead has been delayed into 2017 as well. And that's a game that looked like the very early animation.
You know, the old cartoons and stuff and kind of a Mega Man style shooter platformer.
So it looks like mid 2017. All right.
I know a lot of people are looking forward to the Cuphead game. It looks cool.
The art style is fantastic. Yeah. It'd be interesting to see if the game plays really good to write.
Well, you know, before we had all these fancy animated things that look like they are from the 1930s, we had technologies from the 1930s.
OK, maybe not that old, but at least technology that is 10 years old or more.
And every week, Dark Sakura joins us in studio one way or another to talk about a game that is 10 years older or more.
That is the classic game of the week. Let's get to it.
And thanks to the magic of radio bending time and space, we can teleport the one and only Dark Sakura into the studio right now.
Bitch, I drove. How are you doing, Dark Sakura? I have a car-dis, not a tar-dis.
A car-dis, not a tar-dis. What's the difference? Mine's a car.
It's a blue car, not a blue box. It's not made of tar? I don't know. I got nothing.
No, it's not time in relative dimensions in space. It's car in relative dimensions in space.
I see. Let's save this really awkward conversation with a discussion on the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura, what did you pick? I picked a short one, actually. Short one? Yeah, because there's not really a whole lot to say about it.
But it's an innovation in and of itself. The game is Rent-a-Hero. Rent-a-Hero.
Which I'm specifically focusing on the Mega Drive version. First of all, the game was produced by Yu Suzuki.
He gave us all kinds of fun games. But the fun thing about this one is that for an RPG, it was a kind of different RPG for its time.
It was meant to be a funny game. Because basically the main character, Taro, lives in a town with his mother and his dad and his younger sister.
Oh, there we go. Sorry, there's like 5,000 screens in the beginning of this. Finally the volume came in there.
But one day, he ordered pizza and instead got combat armor.
That would be cool. Like if I were to call the pizza place and order something and they bring me clothes instead. Actually, that would be kind of awkward.
But the combat armor gives him super strength and things like that. But then the people who sent him the armor, even though they did it, they're making him pay for it.
So he decides to become a hero for hire. Well wait, that's not cool. If that's the case, where's my pizza? Combat armor is going to be expensive. Do you know how much Iron Man paid for that suit of armor?
It was a lot. It was a lot, Jamie. It was a lot. This guy just lives with his weirdo family. So he decides to become a hero for hire to be able to pay for it.
And so that is why he's rent a hero. Dun dun dun. But one of the cool things about this game, have you ever played Sword of Vermillion?
I think I played it like once. Well this, I think you're looking at the Dreamcast one. The Mega Drive one was based off of the graphic engine for Sword of Vermillion.
But one of the things about this one, even though it's an RPG, your combat sequences instead of being turn-based are like a fighting game.
Oh that's cool. So you fight, and you fight all kinds of weird stuff like a guy in a Godzilla suit and, you know, weird things. It's just a quirky, funny game.
Just common everyday things that you fight. Like I had to fight somebody in a Godzilla suit yesterday.
Okay. Anyway, it came out on Mega Drive on September 20th, 1991. Of course released by Sega. And then it got a virtual console release, I think only in Japan on April 17th, 2007.
But now here is the remake. The remake was made on Dreamcast as Rent-a-Hero number one. And you have Hiro, the main character, but then you also have Rent-a-Hiroko.
So you can rent a female hero. And it has the same fighting engine that was used for the Spike Out games. So it had like different online capabilities. So you could use the CoolNet Entertainment for Xbox.
It had a translation, but the translation actually just sort of was left in limbo. It was mostly done. And there's a ROM set for it out.
That transform was so pretty. Did you see that? He did like a little twirl and he's like, oh, I'm transforming.
Yeah. Cause he's a magical girl.
I loved it.
But anyway, there was a promo for it in Japan, which was a UFO catcher game. And it was based off of, you know, just like the same old crane games from Japan.
Taro is in Fighters Megamix as an unlockable character, which I love Fighters Megamix cause you can fight as a car.
That game is so like weird. It's actually really good.
You can fight as the AM1 logo.
I know. It's awesome.
It's fantastic.
So, but anyway, Rent-a-Hiroko, it got pretty okay ratings. Famitsu gave it a 30 out of 40. IGN said it was cheesy as fuck. That's not probably what they said, but...
What's wrong with that? I like a good John Waters movie once in a while. They're cheesy.
But they said that it was just great graphics, you know, for its time. It was very tight gameplay. And as they said, it definitely had a soul.
It doesn't suck.
There's also going to be a Rent-a-Hero movie apparently. Um, but I don't know anything else about it. Just says that there's going to be a film version of Rent-a-Hero.
Okay. That's random.
Yeah. Let's make a movie out of a game that was out.
Directed by Steve Pink.
Huh. Is that one of those things where somebody just like put that on Wikipedia and it's completely unsourced? I'm thinking so.
There's a source.
Wow. All right.
As of July. Let's take a look at it.
Yes. Tell me more about Mr. Pink.
Mr. Steve Pink.
If that's his name.
Um, so according to the article here, thank you, Ash versus the Evil Dead. He's the director of Hot Tub Time Machine and writer of High Fidelity and Gross Point Blank.
Okay.
Signed on to write and direct a Rent-a-Hero movie.
Huh.
We'll write the project with Jeff Morris, who penned the Netflix adventure, The True Memoirs of an International Assassin.
So in this one, it tells the story of a reluctant slacker genius who joins a high tech startup pitched as Uber for heroes. Aim to improve people's daily lives at an affordable price.
This is so like random that that's happening.
I would watch the shit out of that.
I would watch the shit out of that. I will.
That was pretty good.
Especially if there's magical girl transformation sequences, just like we see in this game, which is outstanding.
Who wants to go ribbon like Sailor Moon?
One can hope.
One can only hope.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Rent-a-Hero.
Rent-a-Hero.
I think I will go rent one right now. Thank you for the suggestion, Jamie.
Well, at least it didn't do Pepsi Man. I almost did Pepsi Man.
Uh, that's going to do it for this week. We will see you next time, Dark Sakura.
Eventually.
All right, it's time now to get into some rapid fire news, although coming up later in the show, your phone calls at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio on Skype. But first, Loki.
All right. So there was a new Maroon 5 video that came out for their song.
Let's see which song was here.
It actually satirized Pokemon Go, so it was for I Don't Wanna Know, and it was basically like this guy dressed up like a Pokemon type character running around.
They all are. They're all Pokemon in the video, yeah.
Trying to avoid being captured, I guess.
Not actual Pokemon.
Right, it's kind of similar to Pokemon.
Like the one guy kind of looks like a giant eggplant with a face. Obviously they can't do the real Pokemon, but it's...
I don't know how much of the video you saw, but it's heavily implied that it's Pokemon Go because all the kids have their phones and they're all trying to catch them.
They're all flicking the things.
Yeah, so that's kind of fun if you want to check that out. Don't Wanna Know, that's the song from Maroon 5, so you can check out the video there and be amused for a little bit.
I'm surprised this is coming out because I know they've been talking about this for a while, but I'm not sure if I have any interest. Nope, I don't have any interest whatsoever.
That is the Skylanders series is going to be coming out on Netflix October 28th.
So that'll be interesting. I wonder if my kids will want to watch that.
I guess Netflix is trying to up their children's TV show presence or something.
Yeah, Skylanders Academy. That's going to be on October 28th.
The only reason that I'm slightly interested in that is because the villain in the show is the same voice actor as Invader Zim, and I love Invader Zim.
That's really it. That's where my like ends.
Alright, well moving on to talk about Pinball. I love this idea for a franchise.
So Stern Pinball is going to be celebrating their 30th anniversary coming up, and they're going to celebrate their anniversary by celebrating another anniversary.
And that is the 50th anniversary of the Batman television show.
Oh man, that's something I wish was on Netflix.
That's the Adam West, Burt Ward version with the super campy, this is, I love this show. There was a movie and everything.
So what's really cool, they are making a pinball table called Batman 66, and that is being done by Stern Pinball.
And it's being developed by Eugene Jarvis doing a lot of the animations and sound that's in the game.
There are three versions. There's going to be a super limited edition, a limited edition, and a premium.
So I guess the super limited editions are already gone, but they're talking that this table is very colorful.
It looks like there's an old school TV that looks like what was inside the Batmobile is like the display board.
That's awesome.
That's really cool, and it is apparently the first Stern game that will have a full color LCD in the back box. So that is going to be rad.
What's funny is I was just in Vegas this weekend, right? I played a Batman 66 inspired by the TV series Slot Machine.
They had a full slot machine on Batman that was really cool and would actually play little clips from the show and the bonus rounds and stuff.
I think I actually won like $2.
I'm guessing one of the bonus rounds has to be the bomb.
I didn't see that in the one I did, no. I got like a, it spun the wheel and it came up with the Riddler.
And so it started like it was like a clip from the show where Robin was reading one of the riddles or something.
And then I don't know if it was just like free spins or if it was one of those like tap the stuff on the screen because all the casino games are kind of the same.
And then like it would show the conclusion of that. Like it wasn't anything. I didn't see the bomb thing, but I imagine that has to be in there somewhere.
But I just didn't get it when I was playing. But maybe it will be in the pinball table somewhere. I don't know.
But I think that's rad that Batman 66 is kind of like making a comeback. I didn't realize it was the 50th anniversary, but that explains it.
I always thought they should do a new show with like almost like taking all those characters from the 66 show and putting them in modern time.
Like just having them be so clueless with the old ass tech and everything, but just fighting crime in like modern world. That would be hilarious.
I didn't realize this. SSJ100Matt in our chat room says they're coming out with an animated movie based on the Adam West Batman.
Complete with Adam West, Burt Ward, and Julie Newmar voicing their characters. I have no idea. That's rad.
Yes, I did see that.
Anyway, while you wait to play that pinball table, because who knows how many arcades will actually get it, although that coin op here in Sacramento really seems to love pinball.
And they get a lot of the new stuff, so I bet it will show up there. I want to check it out for sure.
Anyway, meanwhile you can check out some old school games on your Xbox One because more games have joined the backwards compatibility list.
And what we got Puzzle Quest 2 two weeks ago, right? So this past week we got Puzzle Quest. The original Puzzle Quest is now available on Xbox One backwards compatibility.
And we also got Matt Hazard and Silent Hill Downpour is now available as Xbox One.
Boo, that game's awful.
You didn't like Downpour?
No, it wasn't the last two months. Now it's just not interesting.
Isn't that the one where they kind of forced Pyramid Head back in it just because that was when the movie was coming out?
No, that was Homecoming.
Oh, that's right. That was Homecoming. Okay. Which one was Downpour? Was this the first one without Akira Yomoka involved?
Yes.
It was, wasn't it? They outsourced it to the Russian studio, I think, that did it.
Well, a lot of those did the Silent Hill games, but this one has the guy that did the music for Dexter.
And sorry, the music is just not that good.
Really? I'm surprised. He was not bad.
I think it's a mixture of the music not, you know, being Akira Yomoka's stuff, which is what you've come to expect.
You just get the guy to play Dexter to play one of the main characters in that.
And the story's not good, and the game is not good, and Silent Hill just needs to stay dead at this point.
Better yet, just bring back Dexter. Just bring back Dexter.
But what about the Silent Hill pachinko machine that's inevitable?
Nope. Nope.
What already happened?
Did you see the video? Because, once again, I'm a big fan of Jim Sterling, so whenever there's shit to talk about Konami, it's usually, you know, what's being brought up.
He's right at it.
Like, fuck Konami news. Gotta love it.
But anyways, they did show a video of what the Castlevania machine looks like, and it's like, barely Castlevania.
Like, if it didn't have Castlevania on there, I would not have known that that was a Castlevania licensed machine.
No, you know, some of my friends went over to the Bellagio in Vegas because, I guess, on the sign, it said something about, like, a Konami casino area or something like that.
And they were thinking, oh, maybe we'll get to see some of the pachinko machines or something, but apparently, no, it was nothing.
Just like any other casino. Because, you know, Konami does make casino games, but, you know, it was just, you know, that stuff.
Nothing Silent Hill or Metal Gear or any of that stuff. It's just their random, like, doesn't Konami make the Dungeons and Dragons slot machine? I think they do.
I don't know.
There's some other stuff that they do.
Yeah, just, you know, Konami, unfortunately, is just, yeah, my interest in them is very not existent.
Yeah, I understand, I understand.
Alright, let's travel around and see what is in stores this week, starting with the US. Loki.
I'm sure we have lots of fun stuff to look forward to this week.
So, starting things off, let's see, on this week, we've got Crazy Machines 3 for PC.
Eagle Flight on Oculus Rift. Remember that game? That was that weird one. I think that's an Ubisoft game.
They fly as an eagle for some reason.
Exist Archive The Other Side of the Sky on PlayStation 4 and Vita.
Mordheim The City of the Damned on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Super Dimension Neptune vs. Sega Hard Girls on Vita.
Hopico on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
This looks cool, except it's on Vita.
Macross Delta Scramble, that's on Vita.
Pixel Gear on PlayStation VR.
And then we've got Batman Return to Arkham on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, that remaster.
Battlefield 1, coming out on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Civ VI on PC.
And then the Lego Harry Potter Collection on PlayStation 4. That's it.
Alright, well, traveling to Japan, it seems like a slower week for them on the PlayStation 4 anyway, with NBA 2K17 releasing on October 20th.
And then I was wondering, why are they getting all these, like, they have all these peripherals called tactical peripherals coming out,
but that's because they are also getting Battlefield 1 is coming out, but just on October 21st.
I guess that must be some type of worldwide thing that's going on there.
So that is what's happening on the PlayStation 4 in Japan this week.
Nothing really happening on the Wii U, that's obviously in pretty much a holding pattern until Nintendo announces whatever else is coming out next.
Even looking at the PlayStation Vita, we get a few titles, although nothing I'm familiar with, but Macross Delta Scramble,
Idle Death Game TV. Is that like those cute little idle girls?
Oh my god, it is. What is this?
I'm looking at the box art, Idle Death Game, and it's all these cute little, you know, like, in the idle games, are they battling to the death? Like, what?
Is it like Battle Royale of, like, the idle singers? Cause that could be cool.
I don't know, but this one girl that's wearing one of those adult pajamas thing, what are they called? The kigurumi? Is that what they're called? The pajamas?
She's got a giant fish in her hand, like she's gonna slap somebody upside the head with a fish and kill them.
And Rama says yes, that is what this is.
This is Idle Girls Battling to the Death. Well there it is, your game of the week, and it's only on the PlayStation Vita!
See, that's so weird.
The Vita is alive and well in Japan.
It is.
Anime girls battling to the death. Oh my god.
Akumaj AP in chat says we are waiting for Final Fantasy XV. I guess maybe this dead period was planned because Final Fantasy XV was supposed to be out by now, but anyway.
Okay, also on the Vita this week, Recolove Blue Ocean and Gold Beach, two different flavors there, and Saran Digit in a regular and a limited edition.
Lastly, checking out the Nintendo 3DS this week. Sanu Amiibo are coming out this week in the Super Mario series, and that's all because of Mario Party Star Rush hitting Japan this week on the Nintendo 3DS.
So that's probably a bigger deal over there.
So there it is, your Japanese games. Back to Loki for the UK.
Not too much. Batman Arkham, the collection's coming out there, so you get Arkham Asylum and Arkham City, and then of course Civ VI on PC.
Civ VI snuck up on me. I am not ready to have my life ruined by Civ VI.
Battlefield 1 looks cool. I don't know. I purchased the Battlefield games, but then I don't play them. I have Battlefield 4, and I never really played much of that.
I almost purchased Hardline, but I don't know. They're just really interesting looking games.
Sorry, AkumaJP is linking me to the idol death game. He's linking me to pictures, and you can kind of see how one of these plays out here, where it looks like this baseball player is throwing the baseball so hard she probably kills somebody with it or something like that.
It's kind of ridiculous. I kind of want to play it. It looks silly. I want to play that, yet I won't play the kitchen thing. But that's because the idol girl is a cartoon thing, and it's ridiculous.
You need to play Rush of Blood still.
I don't know. I do want to play that. Maybe I'll do that when it's done.
Alright. Super good.
Well, I think it is time that we visit. Oh wait, did we do the UK dates? Sorry.
Yeah, we did the UK dates. I'll brief.
Just want to make sure I didn't interrupt you with the discussion of the further idol death girls. Anyway, it's time for us to get to the mailbag.
Every week, you guys email us. Participate at orangeloungeradio.com, and we jump into the emails head first and pull out the emails that we want to read, and we read them.
And we start off tonight with an email from YYR, who says, Hello, LR. I sent this email over the two-week break, but I guess it didn't get through for some reason. It's still relevant, though, so I'll try again.
So here's the deal. That was my bad, and the reason why is because I read your message earlier in the week, as I sometimes do. I'll kind of just go in and see, kind of like just looking at what emails are coming up ahead for the show.
And then I forgot to mark it as unread, so when I came back to get them for the show, it wasn't in my queue of stuff to read. It's really just that stupidly simple, so I apologize for that.
But yeah, one missed click or forgotten click, and I ruined the entire mailbag segment.
Alright, anyway, so YYR continues with the email.
On the subject of Project Diva X, it is true that it has fewer songs than previous versions, as well as a mandatory story mode, and I use the term story very loosely, as you should.
Looking for something better? I have a recommendation. Go to playasia.com, buy a 10,000 yen prepaid Japanese PSN card, create a Japanese PSN account, and finally, go buy Project Diva Future Tone from the Japanese PlayStation Store.
It is a direct port of the arcade game of the same name. Oh, I've seen that at round one. You've played that, right, Shane?
Yeah, it's super hard.
It has set you back over $80 US, but it contains over 220 songs. It's also got gorgeous high-definition graphics and runs at 60 frames a second.
DLC has started to arrive recently. The DLC brings the game up to date with the arcade version. It's heavily rumored that the arcade game will receive its final update soon, and sales of Project Diva X were not looking good in Japan,
so it's possible that this will be the final and definitive Project Diva experience. Well, why do you release a lesser version in the US, then, when this is out there?
This is back to the Konami days of the show all over again, but anyway, I digress.
And because the song list is almost entirely made up of licenses, it is unlikely to ever be released in America. Oh, well, there's the answer.
I've already sunk a few good hours into it, and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Vocaloid music, who has enjoyed a Project Diva game in the past, and has not turned off by a high-priced digital exclusive release.
Now, on the subject of the NX price point, things are very different now than they were a few years ago.
There was still some hope with Wii U that it could be a console we could play third-party games on, that it could be a primary console.
That hope evaporated pretty quickly, and it became clear that Wii U was at best a secondary console, one that you would buy mostly just to play Nintendo's own content, and not the latest, greatest, or prettiest games.
That is, I believe, a major factor as to why the Wii U didn't sell well at $2.99.
Regardless of what the NX actually turns out to be, gamers are now beginning to get used to the idea of Nintendo's consoles being in that secondary role, and all the rumors seem to back up the theory that NX will be in that secondary role as well.
In order to be successful, I believe that the NX has to be priced accordingly, and by that I mean $1.99. Yes, $1.99.
Perhaps this would be without the TV dock, or Power Booster, or sprocket lockets, or Nunchuck Motion Plus Alpha, or whatever crap they're going to try to sell us along with it, but the base price absolutely has to be as family-friendly as the games.
Nintendo has a lot to prove with the NX. They need to make a compelling and convincing argument that they shouldn't just go third-party and publish their games on other companies' hardware,
which, by the way, they are already starting to do with Super Mario Run.
They really do need to do that.
They also need to somehow convince us to buy a so-called portable system that, if the rumors are true, is way too big to ever fit into a pocket, and to convince us that we should hook up yet another box to our TV.
A box that we are not even expected to use as often as our primary box, or our older boxes, the ones with the backlogs on them.
If the launch games don't kick every conceivable kind of ass, or the price is too high, mark my words, the NX will hit the wall even faster than the Wii U did.
What are the chances that Nintendo will ever be taken seriously again if the NX is a failure?
If, after ignoring the competition and doing entirely their own thing, and being punished for it, they repeat the same mistake a second time with the same results.
I try to be an optimist with just about everything, but Nintendo is making that very difficult right now.
Oh well, going back to playing Project Diva, Aaron, YYR.
I don't necessarily disagree with the points raised in the email.
Which, by the way, since we didn't bring it up, because I don't want to report on rumors, especially with the NX, but the rumor is...
Since you brought it up, since YYR brought it up.
Since he brought it up, the rumor is, and I know that we're going to get our hopes up, that they're going to make an announcement next week.
Oh, that's hilarious, because in my mind I thought you were going to say the rumor that it's going to be revealed as part of the Video Game Awards show, because Nintendo and Geoff Keighley get along.
So we have two different rumors out there about two different date reveals. Yeah, that's not plausible.
Maybe the announcement will be that they're going to announce it at the Video Game Awards.
Yeah, announcement of the announcement, right?
That's a popular thing to do.
I suppose I shouldn't say it isn't plausible, because it could happen at the Game Awards.
You know what I want them to do?
You know what? I don't... I'm over it.
I want them to announce the NX, and have it be just kind of okay, and then Rockstar's like,
Fuck you, it's goddamn Red Dead time!
And it's like, what NX? What?!
I'll give a crap about that, because it's Red Dead time.
Unless Rockstar plays the biggest joke ever on you, and announces Red Dead as part of the Nintendo NX reveal, with it launching first on the Nintendo NX.
Never going to happen. Never going to happen.
I only want it to happen so bad, just to see those tears.
It's not even tears, it's just going to be... everyone's going to be like, I don't get why you would do that, but okay.
Well, it'll be just like Bayonetta 2. It will. It's going to be just like Bayonetta 2.
No, please! A Rockstar game is not Bayonetta 2.
That's not even close of a comparison.
I'm going to keep my mouth shut, because I'll say something shady.
Let's see...
By the way, how much have you played Grand Theft Auto 5 lately?
Not a lot, because I'm playing all this other shit too. You know exactly how it goes.
How about Fallout 4?
How about Pokemon?
See? There's like a million things to play!
I know, and I keep purchasing more. Like, I was putting more Steam keys into my library this weekend.
Because I apparently like watching that number tick up, and that's really the only reason.
And I don't know why. It's like, I don't even know what half these games are. I'll purchase Humballs. I'm like, damn, I gotta get that game. It's already in my library.
He catches shinies, you catch Steam games. That's how it works.
I will play them. Someday.
Someday. Someday. Or you'll pass it on to your kids and they can play them someday.
Will you? There's like a thousand games.
AkumaJP in chat says, Loki, you have a problem over at live.log.
I do, but the problem is that there's such good deals. I'm almost doing that with PlayStation games.
The problem is this sweet deal!
I was like, man, Killzone's only like $7! And I'm like, wait, no, it's Killzone. I don't want to buy that.
Anyway, I don't want to get too far away from YYR's email, but I don't know if I have a lot to respond to that, because I just kind of feel like what he says is kind of in line with how I feel.
I would say, though, the part where he talks about, even if the system is $1.99 and they sell that dock separately, get used to that idea, because that could be a thing.
If it's the handheld, but I don't want to go...
I'm sorry, but if you're going to try to be the best number two as you can be, which is stupid.
I don't need a second system. You know what my second system is going to be? It's going to be a fucking VR rig, because that shit's going to be fucking expensive.
Why am I going to buy... Especially, even though I didn't purchase my Wii U, I have a Wii U that I don't play a lot of games on.
Literally, I go to the store and I'm like, I should get some more games for the Wii U, and I look there and I'm like, no, I'm not paying those prices for those games.
It's not bad, though. Why would I buy an NX when it's going to be this thing all over again?
I can take it with me and playing games will be fun, but I could get 3DS for that if I really wanted to. I don't know.
I've just hit a wall when it comes to NX. I've theorized to be heading it back. Nintendo just needs to talk already.
I think right now they really do need to announce something, because whatever they announce, it's going to be Half-Life 3, basically.
It's going to be where our expectations are up here, and their announcement is just going to be down here.
The sooner they come out with a realistic, here's what it is, the sooner people will be able to deal with that.
Somebody tried to pass off another one over on the internet, that whole Photoshop and Nintendo duo.
I don't believe anything. No, you do not have a screenshot of a presentation that's going to be announced. That's never a thing.
All right, new email, new topic. This is from Andy R. over at participate at orangeontrudy.com if you want to send us an email.
Andy R. starts off, I'm betting you've had at least a few other impressions of the PSVR on the show by this point, or during calls, but I thought I'd chime in with my two cents.
Well, lucky you that Shane decided to grace us with his presence tonight.
At the moment, I'd say it's pretty impressive technology. I haven't had nearly the issues that Giant Bomb was complaining about, and it's been mostly solid.
I've noticed some occasional drift in the headset every once in a while. Moving closer to the camera, I was pretty close to the far end of their recommended distance, seems to have helped too.
Plus, most games will re-center the headset simply by holding the options button.
I've only used the Oculus a couple of times and Gear VR once, but I'd say this is easily the most comfortable of those.
Screen looks good, and it fits easily over my glasses unlike those other ones.
As far as games, I'd say this is one of the better launch lineups for a hardware launch in a while.
Eve Valkyrie and Battlezone are both great showcases for the tech, while Thumper and Super Stardust Ultra are great in the VR added category, and Headmaster is just plain fun.
I haven't picked up Batman VR or Until Dawn, which I'm being told are very solid games as well.
I can't wait to get Rez, I bought the physical version which sadly isn't shipping until next month.
I did get a little sick to my stomach the first night. Out of the 5 or 6 times I tried PSVR before it came out, I only felt queasy once, so I was a little surprised that I felt it that first night, but I guess playing for a longer period of time did me in.
I'd like to think I'm already getting used to it though, it's just taking my brain a couple days to adjust.
Overall, I'm pretty happy with my purchase. I don't think it'll usurp all conventional gaming, though I did enjoy being able to play non-VR games on it while laying down last night.
There's another vote for Cinema Mode and something that hasn't even really been talked about until the thing releases that somebody's talking about, ooh I like this feature, so interesting.
But there you go, more impressions that I guess are generally in line with what we're thinking here in studio, except it sounds like you've played a lot more games maybe than we have.
Shane, you haven't done the Batman VR thing or Super Stardust Ultra or any of that, right?
No, because I don't know those games and they weren't on the demo disc.
Gotcha, gotcha, alright. So anyway, that's it for email tonight, participate at orangeloungeradio.com if you would like to send an email to us in the future.
In the meantime, we have a few more news stories for you guys before we open up our Skype line at orangeloungeradio, all one word on Skype.
So we talked about this a few months back where they had kind of come to an agreement that there was going to be a settlement or something according to the other OS lawsuit.
So now that's finally happening, so if you basically purchase one of the launch systems between November 1st, 2006 and April 1st, 2010, you can claim payment for that.
So apparently there's two options. One is, I guess if you were, I want to say if you had some evidence that you were using the other OS, then you would get like $55, otherwise you could get $9.
And so, yeah, apparently they're saying that 111,000 people have claimed the $9 level. So, interesting.
Yay, free money. Sort of.
Oh, I'm sorry, yeah, it'd take 100,000 people to get over a million dollars. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, I didn't use the other OS. It is disappointing. I know I'm not going to do this to get $9.
I feel like I would have tried it if they kept it in there. Especially at this point where my PlayStation 3 is like a secondary room console at this point.
Like, the PlayStation 3 at this point is in the studio where we do OLR and we use TuneIn on it to listen to Bobby and other stuff that's going on on VoG before the show.
And one of these days I'll figure out how to get chat on the TV in here.
Hey, just remember when we used to use the PlayStation 2 and the iToy for chat? Or the chat camera?
Oh god, that was years ago. Wasn't that the whole thing? You had to go to the website and every 10 seconds it was a new picture?
Yes. Was it that? Oh my god. That was old school.
The wild west days of the internet. That's what kind of video streaming we could do.
Those were the pre-podcast days.
Oh my god, it's refreshing every couple seconds? You're refreshing too fast.
Okay, this thing that we're talking about, run up to the camera and hold it there for 10 seconds so we make sure we get a picture of it.
Anyway. Before live video.
Yeah, now that they're doing this now. Let's see, JD in chat says, there are PS3 IRC clients out there, Sky. Are there? I didn't even know that.
Like, legit ones in the store? Or is it something that you can get on the web?
I'm thinking it's probably a website that you can go to.
It's probably a web thing that actually will work that runs. I actually haven't tried to do the vog chat on PS3. Maybe. So I'll have to look into that.
But wouldn't that like, cap us or something? You know, if you have too many people. Oh no, you're talking about through the website.
Yeah, no, if too many people in this house are on it, then yeah, it would cap us. But we could figure something out.
Because you can use 4G or something, or LTE.
I'm not gonna do that.
We need to figure out the neighbors' wifi. Just kidding.
Alright. Let's see. JD says, yeah, I don't think it's in the store. I'm seeing stuff that's putting Mibbit on. Okay. Or custom ROMs. Okay.
Let's see. Let's move on with some other stories.
Talking about a Steam update. And an upcoming Steam update is going to be expanding PlayStation 4 controller support.
So, you know, if you have not picked up one of these Steam controllers, you can still use a PlayStation 4 controller and that is going to be enhanced.
And this was announced during the Steam dev days that are actually going on in Seattle right now. I think our guest last week, I follow him on Twitter, I think he went to this because he was talking about this.
So they've been talking about some of the things that are coming to Steam. And Jeff Bellinghausen from Valve talked about that a Steam update is going to expand its controller options for the PlayStation 4's DualShock 4.
So you're going to be able to tailor your games to use the PlayStation 4 in a variety of new ways. Like the touchpad and the gyro features that you can use will be available on Steam.
So that's kind of neat. And then they actually showed a preview of what the configuration screen looks like. So, kind of neat.
Also, it was mentioned by Lars, I hope I say this last name correctly, Doucette, who is the developer of Defenders Quest, who is also presenting this said,
Believe it or not, when you use the PS4 controller through Steam's API, it's exactly the same as the Steam controller.
You make the exact same API calls, you only get actions, not inputs, and the Steam API takes care of everything.
So it sounds like they're really trying to make it so that, you know, if it supports the Steam controller, it'll support the PS4 controller.
Which is kind of good guy Valve, I guess, because, you know, if they wanted to pigeonhole people in that Steam controller, they could.
But they probably realized they'd make more enemies than friends with that. So, fair enough. Loki.
Alright, so there's a game that's going to be coming out on PlayStation VR that's kind of a throwback to an old legend of the arcades.
It's a game called Polybius. And Polybius is, I guess, rumored to be some sort of game that was in a few arcades and had some, like, mind-bending visuals or something like that,
that was causing people to get headaches and other people ill. Some say that it was like a CIA mind control experiment or something like that.
Oh god, I remember that.
But anyways, so now, you know, Llamasoft's Jeff Minter is making another game that's with the same name that's supposed to be kind of like the legend.
Like, ooh, you're playing the game for the first time.
That's the other VR game I wanted to play. I forgot. Isn't that exclusive to PS4 VR?
I think so, yeah. So that's going to be something that you'll be able to play as well.
Sounds like one of those found footage horror movies or something.
Yeah, I don't know. It's hard for me to get excited. I mean, Tempest is okay, but it's like, I don't know. I can't get that excited about it.
Alright, lastly for our show tonight before we get to your calls, I don't know, this seems something that's right up Shane's alley, although it might be the wrong game,
but I have a feeling Shane is going to want to do this anyway. Shane, you might want a road trip to Los Angeles.
Why?
Because I am 8-Bit is going to be hosting their own escape room.
Oh, that'd be cool.
And the escape room is based on Resident Evil 7.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I knew. Like, escape room, I'm interested. Resident Evil 7, I'm less interested. But you did say...
I did say I do want to get the game now.
Yeah, you might be on the fence a little more now.
So anyway, yes, Capcom and I am 8-Bit are teaming up to create this escape room.
They're calling it, though, an escape experience because this is actually multiple rooms.
Those are the better escape rooms, I think. Like, my favorite one I did was, like, three rooms in one session. It was really fun.
Only 300 tickets are available, and only one room is presenting the experience from October 20th through November 6th.
I don't know why they say one room, but then they say it's multiple rooms. I think they mean to say it's one place.
But I don't know. But anyway, it's the I Am 8-Bits, Los Angeles offices, $35, and teams up to six people are allowed.
And there's an Eventbrite page for the event and everything. So, I don't know, Shane, you gonna get a car ride together to go experience Resident Evil 7 escape room?
Nope.
We have yet to do an escape room here in Sacramento.
I know.
Ever since you came back, going like, I love escape rooms.
I still feel like it would be a bad idea, but I still want to do it.
I think you should do it with friends and create some great new memories of escape rooms here.
That's the problem.
What? Listening to me complain and scream?
Yeah, or throw a fit because we're not finishing it.
Me throwing a tantrum? How dare you?
Yes.
Do you think I'm gonna throw- I was gonna make a Drag Race reference and then realize you don't watch it anymore.
Nope.
Alright. Just throw my wig off and start crying.
Alright. Orange Launch Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call. If you prefer the old school way, 1-877-GAMO-LR.
Orange Launch Radio is the place to call us if you want to talk about anything that we've talked about tonight or maybe something we didn't get to.
You can do that right now.
Meanwhile, I don't know, Loki, any last minute stories?
It was such a slow week.
Well, besides the PSVR launch, I mean, but that's not really new information. That's just the delivery of something we've been waiting for.
But, um, so not a lot over there, huh?
Not a lot. I'm still on the fence about, um, uh, getting one of those Google Pixels.
And then I was decided to read Neogaf and apparently someone has a very awesome opinion.
They said Excite Truck was super rad and we need another one. Yes, I am very interested in this forum thread.
I'd like to subscribe to this newsletter. Anyway, we got a phone call coming in so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Marcus or MXC in chat.
Hey, Marcus, how you doing?
I'm doing good. Thanks.
Good. You called us a couple or last week, right? To talk about that you were going to be bringing the or you were getting a PSVR, right?
Yeah, but I was nervous about the purchase.
Well, so now I have it.
Here we are. What happened?
Yes. Um, and basically, um, I am having various issues.
Oh.
But I still really like it.
See, so you're letting the issues slide because overall you like it.
What are what are the issues?
Um, the big one is sort of I think Bobby Blackwell talked about it where there's sort of a drifting of the screen.
For me, I noticed it in rez. It seemed to keep going to the left.
So I played the whole game through areas one through five and then area X basically in one session.
And when I was done, I took off my headset and I was facing directly away from the TV.
So 180 degrees because it kept drifting.
Wow, that's a little weird.
And it didn't seem to work the sort of like reorient button.
I didn't seem to do what I needed to do.
So that's how I ended up facing the exact opposite direction.
Um, and then, but I mean, that's okay. I just sort of stand up and I can deal with rotating, I guess.
Um, the bigger issue is sort of, um, which I noticed with Job Simulator is sort of the world kind of like vibrates or something.
Um, and that's that's pretty disorienting for me.
To see things sort of shifting when you're standing still.
Um, that made me really nauseous the first night.
Um, I was sort of able to overcome it by forcing myself to try it again, but I don't want that to be the case.
Um, it's the only game I notice where that happens.
Um, because these, these incidents are sort of selective. They don't seem to happen on every single game.
I feel like it's a software thing and I'm hoping that it could be resolved somehow.
Um, I've made my setup. I've modified it. I've tried different lightings.
Um, some games still have issues, others don't.
I don't know if you're seeing some of the advice that Bobby's giving you in chat about getting closer to the camera, turn off the lights, adjust the devices.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, I've played in pitch black basically, or I've, I've went by camera above the TV below it.
I got a mic stand and sort of put this in the middle.
Um, all kinds of stuff, still trying things, looking at Reddit and whatnot, um, to see what other people are suggesting.
You know, nothing has fixed it, but you know, it's not awful.
And I'm still having a lot of fun.
Maybe it's one of those things where they'll fix it with patches. Not that we ever like to necessarily hear that, but you know, it's still new technology.
You know, it's, it's getting out there in the public's hands for the first time.
So there's going to be issues that come up that for whatever reason didn't get picked up in testing because every living room is different, right?
Yeah, exactly. I've got space, so it's really cool. I can like get up close if I really want to, but I mean, I'm still having a lot of fun.
My favorite games all seem to play well. Res Infinite, um, what is it?
Super Hypercube, Thumper, they all run really well. I've noticed it seems like the best games in my opinion are the ones that are the most abstract.
And interesting that you named the exact same games that another friend of mine names as the best VR games that Shane kinda, although he puts the Until Dawn game in there, but he also loves that series.
Yeah, I really want to like Until Dawn. It has some great creepy levels. The only problem I'm having with that with the move controllers, no matter what I do, the guns are always pointing off to the left of what I think is center, so I've been having issues with that.
Okay.
But it's really creepy, so there's that as well.
So was there anything on the, not to be negative, but just out of curiosity, are there any PSVR things maybe you didn't enjoy? Because I know Shane called out the luge thing. Is there anything that you're kind of like, eh, skip it?
I mean, there's a couple games, like there's a game called The Assembly, which also came out on I believe Vive and Oculus, and it's like I don't even know why they put it in VR, it's just like an average sort of adventure game.
But I mean it's not awful in VR, it's just sort of like, I don't know why this is a launch game. It's not bringing anything new to the table.
I see.
And then, I mean nothing's really been awful. Nothing has made me sick, like super sick aside from the initial run with Job Simulator, so I mean that's good.
Well that's good. That's good that at least you're going like, oh my god it was just terrible. That's good for a launch lineup.
Definitely.
Well I appreciate the follow-up call to hear how your experiences were. Do you think you're going to continue to keep playing Rez throughout the coming weeks, and do you think the VR is going to be a regular part of your gaming routine, or what happens from here?
I'm not sure. I mean I've been looking at sort of the upcoming releases. There's like maybe 20 games confirmed for 2016 at least, and some other ones like to be announced 2016, so maybe they'll slip.
A couple things look cool in there, but I mean I don't know. I'm having fun right now. I really don't know what it'll be like in the future.
That's important at least to be having fun, and hope that your investment was worth it, but it sounds like you're feeling a lot better now than you were last week.
Yeah, and I think sort of the unexpected hit is sort of Playroom VR. It's really good, and if you have people to play with particularly, it's really silly, but it's pretty fun to play.
All right, awesome. All right, well I am going to let you go MXC so we can get a couple more calls, but thanks for the call. I really appreciate it.
No problem.
All right, bye.
Bye.
All right, Orange Launch Radio, all one word on Skype. If you want to give us a call, Skypline is open right now, and we have another call coming in, so let's get to it.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is not MXC.
It's actdeft, isn't it?
Yeah, it's actdeft.
Yeah, I can tell the difference, but that's all right. What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, I want to talk about the Nintendo NX rumors like always.
Just to be clear, I said that because there's a chatter who said that they sound like the same person, so anyway. You want to talk about Nintendo NX?
Yeah, those rumors we always hear every week.
Yeah, my favorite.
In the announcement of it, I have a speculation somewhat of when it will come out.
Oh, should I get my plausibility scale, actdeft?
Yeah.
All right, let me wheel it in the room. I feel like my plausibility scale now.
Plausibility wheel, turn, turn, turn.
Show us the lesson that we should make up. I feel like I should have theme music for the plausibility wheel, but in the meantime, we'll roll that in the studio and tell us, please, your tinfoil hat theory.
Yeah, basically, and we were talking about this in chat. Nintendo will probably announce the NX until probably the latest January of next year. The earliest, probably December.
So, you think it's going to be a wintertime announcement, which I got to admit is a really strange time to do something like that, but we do have PlayStation Expo in that timeframe, and they've learned to release bombshells that week and it works just fine.
So, maybe the rules about timing is changing, which is plausible. I think that would rate a six on the plausibility scale.
But what are your reasons for saying December, January?
Basically, they don't want people to wait for the NX since they still have the Wii U, even though this holiday season only has one game and was already released.
But the 3DS has many games coming, especially a big one since it's Pokemon.
Right.
And they probably don't want people like getting ahead and, oh, I'm going to wait until the NX since they probably want people like buying right now a 3DS with Pokemon.
Right. You know, even I discovered today in my lovely, I love my 3DS with the Triforce on it, it's that Zelda one that they had, but I noticed there's a big chip in the front of it now, and I'm like, ugh.
It's time to get a new 3DS XL.
And that's where I was at, is that, oh, maybe now I'll use this as an excuse to get a new 3DS, but then I'm thinking in the back of my mind, well, wait a minute.
Wait a minute. What about all this NX stuff?
Nope, still get a new 3DS XL. Let's go shopping for them next week.
Ah, this is horrible. I should never set anything on this radio program. Anyway, continue your thought. Please act deaf.
No, but yeah, basically it's that. Nintendo doesn't have a reason right now to reveal the NX and say when it's coming out.
Even though we probably know it's coming out like in spring of next year.
But yeah, Nintendo wants people to buy the products they already have, and also the NES Classic. They also have that, so.
That is something they're really pushing. And maybe if that NES Classic sells so freaking well that maybe they can afford the financial loss to bump NX a little further back, but I don't know.
I don't know if I want to go down that road. I'm just exhausted when it comes to those two letters. Those are my two least favorite letters in the English language right now. I'm just exhausted.
Hey, do you know how they should name the NX?
What? The Nintendo Possible.
Oh, shut up.
No, that would be stupid. Just like the Wii U was stupid. Just like the Wii U was stupid to be honest.
JD is actually making a suggestion in chat that I kind of like that we could have a theme song for the plausibility wheel and that it could be Against All Odds from DDR 5th Mix. Get it? Because it's against all odds.
It's possible.
Let's bring in the wheel of plausibility.
Anyway, I tried.
Yeah, Nintendo, how could you just walk away from me? How dare you?
Alright, act deaf. I'm going to let you go before this show takes turn for the worse. Take care, my friend.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Alright, thank you. Take care.
And it wouldn't get worse because of act deaf. It's worse because of these bad puns that the chat keeps enabling me to do.
Let's see, other comments from our chat while we wait and see if we get any more calls.
OrangeLawnsRadio on Skype. Let's see, Kaijuto in chat saying that the new 3DS is 100% worth it. It's hand down worth it. All the updates to the system are things that the 3DS needed.
Dart Tetsuya says, oh yeah, I'm on board with the NES Classic. I still collect the old games, but having the convenience would be awesome.
So, any last minute stories while we wait to see if any other calls drop in here?
No.
You're out? You're done with it?
There's no stories to be had.
I'm trying to see if there's anything from, I'm seeing something about Street Fighter 5 could be getting an arcade mode soon.
Well, that's nice that they're still patching more modes in Street Fighter 5 months and months after it launched.
Apparently Michael Patcher said something about a water or something that people didn't like.
And also Alex Trebek made fun of nerds or something. I don't know. I don't care.
Yeah, I didn't want to give that Patcher thing the time of day because it's just, it's kind of, it's tabloid news.
And plus, I, here we go, I still don't understand why that guy is in the news. I mean, I get that he's the industry expert when it comes to the finance and all this other stuff.
But I just, I don't understand why it's always him and in all these different games, journalism sites.
It's just, I'm kind of like, why is his opinion any more or less than other people who've been following games for a long, long, long time?
And possibly even do investing of their own that know a little bit more about that.
But anyway, I'm just going to get off my high horse because I'm going to say something that, that's going to get taken the wrong way.
MXC says because Patcher's people send out press releases. That's a very nice way of putting it. I like that.
All right, well, since our Skype line is not going off anymore, I guess we are going to go ahead and end the show here a little bit.
But we never did FUs.
You want to do some FUs of the Week?
Not really, but I'm just saying you never did.
I was moving them towards the end of the show, but I'm thinking we need to put them somewhere else in the show because I have this.
Right at the start.
Yeah, right at the start. Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll put it after like a story that pisses us off or something.
Yeah, it might be a good idea. That's how we used to do it. We need to go back to that.
It's just every week, move it after a story that pisses us off. So, let's get angry.
This is FU.
Loki?
My guess is FU to Ingress because I don't want to play, but it's almost pointless with everybody that plays at ridiculous hours at night.
So, I don't know. It's irritating. It's like I hear my phone going off and I'm like, I have to go check it and see what happens.
I have to go check it.
You know what? Turn off notifications. It was the best thing I ever did for Ingress.
It's the first step in letting it go a little bit. Trust me.
Then you'll feel a lot better because then you're like, I'm playing this on my own terms.
Just do what you want, but it's my suggestion. Help me.
Is that it?
Well, I already kind of did my FU earlier and it went on a little long, so I don't think I need to rehash the territory.
So, I guess FU that my flight got delayed by like over a half hour today, but then again, in the scope of things, that's not that long of a delay.
And I got to play more Dragon Quest VII, so I'm not that upset at the end of the day.
So, that's it. Shane, what about you? Do you have an FU of the week?
FU to having to go to work tomorrow when all I want to do is play that stupid demo over and over and over and over and over.
And believe me, I will be only playing that. I won't even shiny hunt tomorrow. I will just be playing that demo.
Oh, it's that important?
Yes. I'm so hyped.
And how long will you play it before you go back to collecting shinies? I'm really sad you don't have the 3DS livestream stuff available. I would love to see you do a livestream of it.
How much is it?
To get like a new 3DS modded or just outright bought with the capture card stuff, it's like $500 something. So, it's like the PSVR.
Yeah, that's a lot of it.
And I would have loved to do my...
I'm not doing enough streaming and I always say I need to do more of it, I need to do more of it, but then it's like, but podcasting, you know, so it's tough.
What was I going to say? Oh yeah, I wanted to do it for Sun and Moon, like just chronicle my adventures, but you know...
I bet you do pretty well on Twitch too because you already have some built-in people that I think would follow you over there from Pokestop, from Ranger Pride, from this.
And I feel weird using this term with you, but you're fans that you've built up through doing these shows.
I like making fun of them so they don't stay. Well, and they usually deserve it.
But what was the question? Because I just got all excited about talking about the demo again. When will I go back to shiny hunting?
Give me a few days. I mean, I'm only three away from my goal that I set for myself for Sun and Moon, so I can kind of take it a little bit more last.
But then do you have stretch goals?
No, nope. I'm not a Kickstarter. I'm good.
So you're just going to end it on...
I am going to meet my goal and then not promise anything else and then let everybody being me down.
Alright. So...
I really wish I hadn't just...
Like, I feel compelled to buy a PlayStation VR and so me being me, it's like, I wonder if they've got stock available. And yes, they do.
Well, that's good they're not sold out everywhere, I guess.
Well, it's not good news for Sony, but good news for us.
Well, it's...
Alright, anyway.
You might have to pick one up.
Alright, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
We want to thank you guys for listening to our show.
And as always, if you enjoyed what you heard here tonight, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word. We are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if we're not hearing those voices here on Sunday nights, we can't really share them with the world.
So, yeah. Help us grow our family.
A nice five-star review on a place like iTunes or wherever you found this show.
The Google Store or whatever. Just, you know, leave a nice review. We really appreciate it.
And we will see you next Sunday. I have to confirm the interview next week.
It's been a while since I talked to them, but we do have scheduled.
We will have the Cat President developer here next week.
That's going to be a lot of fun, especially for you old-school OLR listeners that remember the inside joke in 2008.
It's been that long.
It's been that long when it was President Cat.
When's the next debate? Isn't that coming up pretty soon? I know the last one they had was...
With the real President? The one this week. In Vegas, funny enough. So, it is this week.
There's always some sort of shit shows, I swear.
I just... I don't want to get political, but I'm just going to say my mind's been made up for a very long time, so I don't bother to watch that stuff. Done.
It's just like watching Train Crash. That's all it really is.
It's fun to watch it just because it's just like, God, what if that happens?
I'd rather just start watching Game of Thrones because everybody tells me I need to watch that show.
You do need to watch Game of Thrones.
See, then that's what I need to be doing instead of watching all that political garbage.
Yes, if you haven't watched Game of Thrones, then by all means watch Game of Thrones.
If you have watched Game of Thrones, those are still fun to watch.
Or Carl Sagan 42 if you like some Mario Maker games. Seriously, he's awesome. Go check him out.
Alright, fair enough.
Okay, well, we're going to go around and hear everybody's final thoughts for the night before we say goodbye for another seven days.
Loki, your final thought?
I have to weigh how much my wife will be mad at me versus how much I really want PlayStation VR.
We'll see.
Good luck.
Could it just be a coin flip at that point?
It'll be like, oh, yeah, I paid that off last year, so it's fine. It's not like I spent more money on it.
Shane, thanks for being here tonight, sitting in, talking about PlayStation VR. Do you have a final thought for us tonight?
So hyped for that demo tomorrow, and Tuesday, because then it'll be the American demo, which will be the exact same thing, but there might not be an English language option tomorrow.
But I'm okay with that. I'll still get through it, no problem.
Am I allowed to play the American demo?
Yes, but you still, you have like 30 days basically at this point to beat Sapphire.
Or else what?
Also, I'm going to just start, I'm going to come over and you're going to be like in the bathroom, but you'll come out to like broken everything.
Alan may take issue with that, just so you know.
He'll support me on it because you've been working on this for too long.
All right. Let's see. My final thought tonight.
Oh, if you have a friend or you know some indie developers or something, or somebody, especially, you know, we got some great emailers and callers and so forth,
but somebody who hasn't been on the show to talk about whatever they're developing, I do not have any interviews yet booked out past Cat President next week.
So I am looking to book guests for November and December. So if you know anybody, send them my way.
Twitter, Twitter is a great, I love Twitter, so Twitter is besides the garbage heap that I don't pay attention to on there,
but it's a great way to get in touch with me at Sky, S-K-I-E.
I think we should try hitting up Landfall games to see if they can, they had Cluster Truck.
Oh yeah, yeah. Why not? Pass along their contact info.
Or there's that guy that's making the weird bear game, which I will kind of see what that is.
It's the physics game where it's, he has dancing bears all the time.
I do have a lead on a good one I'll have to tell you about off air, but I don't want to get our listeners too excited because it would be kind of a big one.
But anyway, that's it for now. We're going to say goodnight and we will be back in seven days to do it all over again.
Thanks for being here. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music